ac_add_options --enable-application=suite

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib

# System libraries
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
#ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
#ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman

# Features
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing
ac_add_options --enable-gio
#ac_add_options --disable-gstreamer
ac_add_options --enable-pulseaudio


#ac_add_options --disable-gnomevfs
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-tests
#ac_add_options --disable-installer

export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
