. $topsrcdir/xulrunner/config/mozconfig

export CC=gcc-5
export CXX=g++-5

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib

# ALARM
ac_add_options --disable-elf-hack
ac_add_options --disable-neon
ac_add_options --disable-ion

# System libraries
ac_add_options --disable-webrtc
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --with-system-icu
ac_add_options --with-system-graphite2
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman
ac_add_options --with-pthreads

# Features
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-gstreamer=1.0

ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-installer

# https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=955876
#ac_add_options --enable-release
ac_add_options --disable-gold
