.TH "__gnu_parallel::mismatch_selector" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::mismatch_selector \- Test inverted predicate on a single element.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fB__gnu_parallel::generic_find_selector\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename RandomAccessIterator1 , typename RandomAccessIterator2 , typename Pred > bool \fBoperator()\fP (RandomAccessIterator1 i1, RandomAccessIterator2 i2, Pred pred)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename RandomAccessIterator1 , typename RandomAccessIterator2 , typename Pred > \fBstd::pair\fP< RandomAccessIterator1, RandomAccessIterator2 > \fBsequential_algorithm\fP (RandomAccessIterator1 begin1, RandomAccessIterator1 end1, RandomAccessIterator2 begin2, Pred pred)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Test inverted predicate on a single element. 
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file find_selectors.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator1 , typename RandomAccessIterator2 , typename Pred > bool __gnu_parallel::mismatch_selector::operator() (RandomAccessIterator1 i1, RandomAccessIterator2 i2, Pred pred)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Test on one position. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi1\fP Iterator on first sequence. 
.br
\fIi2\fP Iterator on second sequence (unused). 
.br
\fIpred\fP Find predicate. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 130 of file find_selectors.h.
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator1 , typename RandomAccessIterator2 , typename Pred > \fBstd::pair\fP<RandomAccessIterator1, RandomAccessIterator2> __gnu_parallel::mismatch_selector::sequential_algorithm (RandomAccessIterator1 begin1, RandomAccessIterator1 end1, RandomAccessIterator2 begin2, Pred pred)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Corresponding sequential algorithm on a sequence. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin1\fP Begin iterator of first sequence. 
.br
\fIend1\fP End iterator of first sequence. 
.br
\fIbegin2\fP Begin iterator of second sequence. 
.br
\fIpred\fP Find predicate. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 143 of file find_selectors.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
