.TH "__gnu_parallel::find_first_of_selector" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::find_first_of_selector \- Test predicate on several elements.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fB__gnu_parallel::generic_find_selector\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfind_first_of_selector\fP (ForwardIterator begin, ForwardIterator end)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename RandomAccessIterator1 , typename RandomAccessIterator2 , typename Pred > bool \fBoperator()\fP (RandomAccessIterator1 i1, RandomAccessIterator2 i2, Pred pred)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename RandomAccessIterator1 , typename RandomAccessIterator2 , typename Pred > \fBstd::pair\fP< RandomAccessIterator1, RandomAccessIterator2 > \fBsequential_algorithm\fP (RandomAccessIterator1 begin1, RandomAccessIterator1 end1, RandomAccessIterator2 begin2, Pred pred)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ForwardIterator \fBbegin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ForwardIterator \fBend\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename ForwardIterator> struct __gnu_parallel::find_first_of_selector< ForwardIterator >"
Test predicate on several elements. 
.PP
Definition at line 152 of file find_selectors.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename ForwardIterator > template<typename RandomAccessIterator1 , typename RandomAccessIterator2 , typename Pred > bool \fB__gnu_parallel::find_first_of_selector\fP< ForwardIterator >::operator() (RandomAccessIterator1 i1, RandomAccessIterator2 i2, Pred pred)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Test on one position. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi1\fP Iterator on first sequence. 
.br
\fIi2\fP Iterator on second sequence (unused). 
.br
\fIpred\fP Find predicate. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 167 of file find_selectors.h.
.SS "template<typename ForwardIterator > template<typename RandomAccessIterator1 , typename RandomAccessIterator2 , typename Pred > \fBstd::pair\fP<RandomAccessIterator1, RandomAccessIterator2> \fB__gnu_parallel::find_first_of_selector\fP< ForwardIterator >::sequential_algorithm (RandomAccessIterator1 begin1, RandomAccessIterator1 end1, RandomAccessIterator2 begin2, Pred pred)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Corresponding sequential algorithm on a sequence. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin1\fP Begin iterator of first sequence. 
.br
\fIend1\fP End iterator of first sequence. 
.br
\fIbegin2\fP Begin iterator of second sequence. 
.br
\fIpred\fP Find predicate. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 184 of file find_selectors.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
