.TH "__gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector \- \fBstd::inner_product()\fP selector.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBgeneric_for_each_selector< It >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinner_product_selector\fP (It b1, It2 b2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename Op > T \fBoperator()\fP (Op mult, It current)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "It \fBbegin1_iterator\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "It2 \fBbegin2_iterator\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "It \fBfinish_iterator\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename It, typename It2, typename T> struct __gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector< It, It2, T >"
\fBstd::inner_product()\fP selector. 
.PP
Definition at line 223 of file for_each_selectors.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename It , typename It2 , typename T > \fB__gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector\fP< It, It2, T >::\fBinner_product_selector\fP (It b1, It2 b2)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb1\fP Begin iterator of first sequence. 
.br
\fIb2\fP Begin iterator of second sequence. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 235 of file for_each_selectors.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename It , typename It2 , typename T > template<typename Op > T \fB__gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector\fP< It, It2, T >::operator() (Op mult, It current)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Functor execution. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImult\fP Multiplication functor. 
.br
\fIcurrent\fP Iterator referencing object. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Inner product elemental result. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 244 of file for_each_selectors.h.
.PP
References __gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector< It, It2, T >::begin1_iterator, and __gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector< It, It2, T >::begin2_iterator.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename It , typename It2 , typename T > It \fB__gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector\fP< It, It2, T >::\fBbegin1_iterator\fP"
.PP
Begin iterator of first sequence. 
.PP
Definition at line 226 of file for_each_selectors.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector< It, It2, T >::operator()().
.SS "template<typename It , typename It2 , typename T > It2 \fB__gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector\fP< It, It2, T >::\fBbegin2_iterator\fP"
.PP
Begin iterator of second sequence. 
.PP
Definition at line 229 of file for_each_selectors.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::inner_product_selector< It, It2, T >::operator()().
.SS "It  \fB__gnu_parallel::generic_for_each_selector\fP< It  >::\fBfinish_iterator\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Iterator on last element processed; needed for some algorithms (e. g. std::transform()). 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file for_each_selectors.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
