.TH "__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase \- Guarded loser/tournament tree.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBLoser\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal representation of a \fBLoserTree\fP element. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_min_source\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinsert_start\fP (const T &key, int source, bool sup)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLoserTreeBase\fP (unsigned int _k, Comparator _comp)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~LoserTreeBase\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fB_M_log_k\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Comparator \fBcomp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBfirst_insert\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBik\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBk\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLoser\fP * \fBlosers\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBoffset\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename T, typename Comparator> class __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >"
Guarded loser/tournament tree. 

The smallest element is at the top.
.PP
Guarding is done explicitly through one flag sup per element, inf is not needed due to a better initialization routine. This is a well-performing variant.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIT\fP the element type 
.br
\fIComparator\fP the comparator to use, defaults to std::less<T> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 57 of file losertree.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T, typename Comparator> \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T, Comparator >::\fBLoserTreeBase\fP (unsigned int _k, Comparator _comp)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
The constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_k\fP The number of sequences to merge. 
.br
\fI_comp\fP The comparator to use. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 96 of file losertree.h.
.SS "template<typename T, typename Comparator> \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T, Comparator >::~\fBLoserTreeBase\fP ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
The destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file losertree.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T, typename Comparator> int \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T, Comparator >::get_min_source ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the index of the sequence with the smallest element. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 152 of file losertree.h.
.SS "template<typename T, typename Comparator> void \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T, Comparator >::insert_start (const T & key, int source, bool sup)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Initializes the sequence 'source' with the element 'key'. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIkey\fP the element to insert 
.br
\fIsource\fP index of the source sequence 
.br
\fIsup\fP flag that determines whether the value to insert is an explicit supremum. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 131 of file losertree.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T, typename Comparator> unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T, Comparator >::\fB_M_log_k\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
log_2{k} 
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file losertree.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::LoserTreeBase().
.SS "template<typename T, typename Comparator> Comparator \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T, Comparator >::\fBcomp\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Comparator to use. 
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file losertree.h.
.SS "template<typename T, typename Comparator> bool \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T, Comparator >::\fBfirst_insert\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
State flag that determines whether the \fBLoserTree\fP is empty. 
.PP
Only used for building the \fBLoserTree\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file losertree.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::insert_start(), and __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::LoserTreeBase().
.SS "template<typename T, typename Comparator> \fBLoser\fP* \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T, Comparator >::\fBlosers\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
\fBLoserTree\fP elements. 
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file losertree.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::get_min_source(), __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::insert_start(), __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::LoserTreeBase(), and __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::~LoserTreeBase().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
