.TH "__gnu_parallel::_Settings" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::_Settings \- class \fB_Settings\fP Run-time settings for the parallel mode, including all tunable parameters.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fB_Settings\fP & \fBget\fP ()  throw ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBset\fP (\fB_Settings\fP &)  throw ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBaccumulate_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBadjacent_difference_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_AlgorithmStrategy\fP \fBalgorithm_strategy\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBcache_line_size\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBcount_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBfill_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_FindAlgorithm\fP \fBfind_algorithm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBfind_increasing_factor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBfind_initial_block_size\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBfind_maximum_block_size\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBfind_sequential_search_size\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBfor_each_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBgenerate_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long long \fBL1_cache_size\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long long \fBL2_cache_size\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBmax_element_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBmerge_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmerge_oversampling\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_SplittingAlgorithm\fP \fBmerge_splitting\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBmin_element_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_MultiwayMergeAlgorithm\fP \fBmultiway_merge_algorithm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmultiway_merge_minimal_k\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBmultiway_merge_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmultiway_merge_oversampling\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_SplittingAlgorithm\fP \fBmultiway_merge_splitting\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBnth_element_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBpartial_sort_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_PartialSumAlgorithm\fP \fBpartial_sum_algorithm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBpartial_sum_dilation\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBpartial_sum_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBpartition_chunk_share\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBpartition_chunk_size\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBpartition_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBqsb_steals\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBrandom_shuffle_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBreplace_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBset_difference_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBset_intersection_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBset_symmetric_difference_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBset_union_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_SortAlgorithm\fP \fBsort_algorithm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBsort_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBsort_mwms_oversampling\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBsort_qs_num_samples_preset\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBsort_qsb_base_case_maximal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_SplittingAlgorithm\fP \fBsort_splitting\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBTLB_size\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBtransform_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBunique_copy_minimal_n\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fBworkstealing_chunk_size\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
class \fB_Settings\fP Run-time settings for the parallel mode, including all tunable parameters. 
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file settings.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static const \fB_Settings\fP& __gnu_parallel::_Settings::get ()  throw ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Get the global settings. 
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::find_template(), __gnu_parallel::for_each_template_random_access_workstealing(), __gnu_parallel::multiway_merge_sampling_splitting(), __gnu_parallel::parallel_multiway_merge(), __gnu_parallel::parallel_nth_element(), __gnu_parallel::parallel_partial_sum(), __gnu_parallel::parallel_partial_sum_linear(), __gnu_parallel::parallel_partition(), __gnu_parallel::parallel_sort(), __gnu_parallel::parallel_sort_mwms(), __gnu_parallel::parallel_sort_mwms_pu(), __gnu_parallel::parallel_sort_qs_conquer(), and __gnu_parallel::qsb_local_sort_with_helping().
.SS "static void __gnu_parallel::_Settings::set (\fB_Settings\fP &)  throw ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Set the global settings. 
.PP
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::accumulate_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for accumulate. 
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file settings.h.
.SS "unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::adjacent_difference_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for adjacent_difference. 
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file settings.h.
.SS "unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::cache_line_size\fP"
.PP
Overestimation of cache line size. Used to avoid false sharing, i. e. elements of different threads are at least this amount apart. 
.PP
Definition at line 260 of file settings.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::for_each_template_random_access_workstealing().
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::count_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for count and count_if. 
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::fill_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for fill. 
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file settings.h.
.SS "double \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::find_increasing_factor\fP"
.PP
Block size increase factor for find. 
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::find_initial_block_size\fP"
.PP
Initial block size for find. 
.PP
Definition at line 149 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::find_maximum_block_size\fP"
.PP
Maximal block size for find. 
.PP
Definition at line 152 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::find_sequential_search_size\fP"
.PP
Start with looking for this many elements sequentially, for find. 
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::for_each_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for for_each. 
.PP
Definition at line 158 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::generate_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for generate. 
.PP
Definition at line 161 of file settings.h.
.SS "unsigned long long \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::L1_cache_size\fP"
.PP
Size of the L1 cache in bytes (underestimation). 
.PP
Definition at line 249 of file settings.h.
.SS "unsigned long long \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::L2_cache_size\fP"
.PP
Size of the L2 cache in bytes (underestimation). 
.PP
Definition at line 252 of file settings.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::parallel_random_shuffle_drs(), and __gnu_parallel::sequential_random_shuffle().
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::max_element_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for max_element. 
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::merge_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for merge. 
.PP
Definition at line 167 of file settings.h.
.SS "unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::merge_oversampling\fP"
.PP
Oversampling factor for merge. 
.PP
Definition at line 170 of file settings.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::multiway_merge_sampling_splitting(), and __gnu_parallel::parallel_multiway_merge().
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::min_element_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for min_element. 
.PP
Definition at line 173 of file settings.h.
.SS "int \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::multiway_merge_minimal_k\fP"
.PP
Oversampling factor for multiway_merge. 
.PP
Definition at line 179 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::multiway_merge_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for multiway_merge. 
.PP
Definition at line 176 of file settings.h.
.SS "unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::multiway_merge_oversampling\fP"
.PP
Oversampling factor for multiway_merge. 
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::nth_element_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for nth_element. 
.PP
Definition at line 185 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::partial_sort_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for partial_sort. 
.PP
Definition at line 198 of file settings.h.
.SS "float \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::partial_sum_dilation\fP"
.PP
Ratio for partial_sum. Assume 'sum and write result' to be this factor slower than just 'sum'. 
.PP
Definition at line 202 of file settings.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::parallel_partial_sum_linear().
.SS "unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::partial_sum_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for partial_sum. 
.PP
Definition at line 205 of file settings.h.
.SS "double \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::partition_chunk_share\fP"
.PP
Chunk size for partition, relative to input size. If > 0.0, this value overrides partition_chunk_size. 
.PP
Definition at line 192 of file settings.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::parallel_partition().
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::partition_chunk_size\fP"
.PP
Chunk size for partition. 
.PP
Definition at line 188 of file settings.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::parallel_partition().
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::partition_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for partition. 
.PP
Definition at line 195 of file settings.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::parallel_nth_element().
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::qsb_steals\fP"
.PP
The number of stolen ranges in load-balanced quicksort. 
.PP
Definition at line 265 of file settings.h.
.SS "unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::random_shuffle_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for random_shuffle. 
.PP
Definition at line 208 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::replace_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for replace and replace_if. 
.PP
Definition at line 211 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::set_difference_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for set_difference. 
.PP
Definition at line 214 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::set_intersection_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for set_intersection. 
.PP
Definition at line 217 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::set_symmetric_difference_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for set_symmetric_difference. 
.PP
Definition at line 220 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::set_union_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for set_union. 
.PP
Definition at line 223 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::sort_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for parallel sorting. 
.PP
Definition at line 226 of file settings.h.
.SS "unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::sort_mwms_oversampling\fP"
.PP
Oversampling factor for parallel std::sort (MWMS). 
.PP
Definition at line 229 of file settings.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::parallel_sort_mwms(), and __gnu_parallel::parallel_sort_mwms_pu().
.SS "unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::sort_qs_num_samples_preset\fP"
.PP
Such many samples to take to find a good pivot (quicksort). 
.PP
Definition at line 232 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::sort_qsb_base_case_maximal_n\fP"
.PP
Maximal subsequence length to switch to unbalanced base case. Applies to std::sort with dynamically load-balanced quicksort. 
.PP
Definition at line 236 of file settings.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::qsb_local_sort_with_helping().
.SS "unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::TLB_size\fP"
.PP
Size of the Translation Lookaside Buffer (underestimation). 
.PP
Definition at line 255 of file settings.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::parallel_random_shuffle_drs(), and __gnu_parallel::sequential_random_shuffle().
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::transform_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for parallel std::transform. 
.PP
Definition at line 239 of file settings.h.
.SS "\fBsequence_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::_Settings::unique_copy_minimal_n\fP"
.PP
Minimal input size for unique_copy. 
.PP
Definition at line 242 of file settings.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
