.TH "__gnu_parallel::guarded_iterator" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::guarded_iterator \- Iterator wrapper supporting an implicit supremum at the end of the sequence, dominating all comparisons.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBguarded_iterator\fP (RandomAccessIterator begin, RandomAccessIterator end, Comparator &comp)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator RandomAccessIterator\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstd::iterator_traits\fP< RandomAccessIterator >::value_type & \fBoperator*\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBguarded_iterator\fP< RandomAccessIterator, Comparator > & \fBoperator++\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator\fP (\fBguarded_iterator\fP< RandomAccessIterator, Comparator > &bi1, \fBguarded_iterator\fP< RandomAccessIterator, Comparator > &bi2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator\fP (\fBguarded_iterator\fP< RandomAccessIterator, Comparator > &bi1, \fBguarded_iterator\fP< RandomAccessIterator, Comparator > &bi2)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator, typename Comparator> class __gnu_parallel::guarded_iterator< RandomAccessIterator, Comparator >"
Iterator wrapper supporting an implicit supremum at the end of the sequence, dominating all comparisons. 

The implicit supremum comes with a performance cost.
.PP
Deriving from RandomAccessIterator is not possible since RandomAccessIterator need not be a class. 
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file multiway_merge.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator, typename Comparator> \fB__gnu_parallel::guarded_iterator\fP< RandomAccessIterator, Comparator >::\fBguarded_iterator\fP (RandomAccessIterator begin, RandomAccessIterator end, Comparator & comp)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. Sets iterator to beginning of sequence. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin\fP Begin iterator of sequence. 
.br
\fIend\fP End iterator of sequence. 
.br
\fIcomp\fP Comparator provided for associated overloaded compare operators. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 102 of file multiway_merge.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator, typename Comparator> \fB__gnu_parallel::guarded_iterator\fP< RandomAccessIterator, Comparator >::operator RandomAccessIterator ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Convert to wrapped iterator. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Wrapped iterator. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 124 of file multiway_merge.h.
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator, typename Comparator> \fBstd::iterator_traits\fP<RandomAccessIterator>::value_type& \fB__gnu_parallel::guarded_iterator\fP< RandomAccessIterator, Comparator >::operator* ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Dereference operator. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Referenced element. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 119 of file multiway_merge.h.
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator, typename Comparator> \fBguarded_iterator\fP<RandomAccessIterator, Comparator>& \fB__gnu_parallel::guarded_iterator\fP< RandomAccessIterator, Comparator >::operator++ ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Pre-increment operator. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
This. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 110 of file multiway_merge.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
