.TH "__gnu_parallel::random_number" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::random_number \- Random number generator, based on the Mersenne twister.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBgenrand_bits\fP (int bits)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32\fP \fBoperator()\fP (\fBuint64\fP local_supremum)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuint32\fP \fBoperator()\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrandom_number\fP (\fBuint32\fP seed, \fBuint64\fP supremum=0x100000000ULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrandom_number\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Random number generator, based on the Mersenne twister. 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file random_number.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__gnu_parallel::random_number::random_number ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Default constructor. Seed with 0. 
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file random_number.h.
.SS "__gnu_parallel::random_number::random_number (\fBuint32\fP seed, \fBuint64\fP supremum = \fC0x100000000ULL\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIseed\fP Random seed. 
.br
\fIsupremum\fP Generate integer random numbers in the interval \fC\fP[0,supremum). 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 84 of file random_number.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned long __gnu_parallel::random_number::genrand_bits (int bits)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Generate a number of random bits, run-time parameter. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbits\fP Number of bits to generate. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file random_number.h.
.SS "\fBuint32\fP __gnu_parallel::random_number::operator() (\fBuint64\fP local_supremum)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Generate unsigned random 32-bit integer in the interval \fC\fP[0,local_supremum). 
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file random_number.h.
.SS "\fBuint32\fP __gnu_parallel::random_number::operator() ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Generate unsigned random 32-bit integer. 
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file random_number.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
