.TH "__gnu_parallel::Job" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::Job \- One job for a certain thread.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _DifferenceTp \fBdifference_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "volatile difference_type \fBfirst\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "volatile difference_type \fBlast\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "volatile difference_type \fBload\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _DifferenceTp> struct __gnu_parallel::Job< _DifferenceTp >"
One job for a certain thread. 
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file workstealing.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _DifferenceTp> volatile difference_type \fB__gnu_parallel::Job\fP< _DifferenceTp >::\fBfirst\fP"
.PP
First element. 
.PP
Changed by owning and stealing thread. By stealing thread, always incremented. 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file workstealing.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::for_each_template_random_access_workstealing().
.SS "template<typename _DifferenceTp> volatile difference_type \fB__gnu_parallel::Job\fP< _DifferenceTp >::\fBlast\fP"
.PP
Last element. 
.PP
Changed by owning thread only. 
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file workstealing.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::for_each_template_random_access_workstealing().
.SS "template<typename _DifferenceTp> volatile difference_type \fB__gnu_parallel::Job\fP< _DifferenceTp >::\fBload\fP"
.PP
Number of elements, i. e. \fClast-first+1\fP. 
.PP
Changed by owning thread only. 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file workstealing.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::for_each_template_random_access_workstealing().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
