.TH "__gnu_parallel::pseudo_sequence" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::pseudo_sequence \- Sequence that conceptually consists of multiple copies of the same element. The copies are not stored explicitly, of course.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _DifferenceTp \fBdifference_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBpseudo_sequence_iterator\fP< T, \fBuint64\fP > \fBiterator\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiterator\fP \fBbegin\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiterator\fP \fBend\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpseudo_sequence\fP (const T &val, difference_type count)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename T, typename _DifferenceTp> class __gnu_parallel::pseudo_sequence< T, _DifferenceTp >"
Sequence that conceptually consists of multiple copies of the same element. The copies are not stored explicitly, of course. 

\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIT\fP Sequence value type. 
.br
\fIdifference_type\fP Sequence difference type. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 394 of file base.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T, typename _DifferenceTp> \fB__gnu_parallel::pseudo_sequence\fP< T, _DifferenceTp >::\fBpseudo_sequence\fP (const T & val, difference_type count)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIval\fP Element of the sequence. 
.br
\fIcount\fP Number of (virtual) copies. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 408 of file base.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T, typename _DifferenceTp> \fBiterator\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::pseudo_sequence\fP< T, _DifferenceTp >::begin () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Begin iterator. 
.PP
Definition at line 413 of file base.h.
.SS "template<typename T, typename _DifferenceTp> \fBiterator\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::pseudo_sequence\fP< T, _DifferenceTp >::end () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
End iterator. 
.PP
Definition at line 418 of file base.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
