.TH "__gnu_parallel::QSBThreadLocal" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::QSBThreadLocal \- Information local to one thread in the parallel quicksort run.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef traits_type::difference_type \fBdifference_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBstd::pair\fP< RandomAccessIterator, RandomAccessIterator > \fBPiece\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBstd::iterator_traits\fP< RandomAccessIterator > \fBtraits_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQSBThreadLocal\fP (int queue_size)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "volatile difference_type * \fBelements_leftover\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPiece\fP \fBglobal\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPiece\fP \fBinitial\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRestrictedBoundedConcurrentQueue\fP< \fBPiece\fP > \fBleftover_parts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBthread_index_t\fP \fBnum_threads\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator> struct __gnu_parallel::QSBThreadLocal< RandomAccessIterator >"
Information local to one thread in the parallel quicksort run. 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file balanced_quicksort.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator> typedef \fBstd::pair\fP<RandomAccessIterator, RandomAccessIterator> \fB__gnu_parallel::QSBThreadLocal\fP< RandomAccessIterator >::\fBPiece\fP"
.PP
Continuous part of the sequence, described by an iterator pair. 
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file balanced_quicksort.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator> \fB__gnu_parallel::QSBThreadLocal\fP< RandomAccessIterator >::\fBQSBThreadLocal\fP (int queue_size)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIqueue_size\fP Size of the work-stealing queue. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 88 of file balanced_quicksort.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator> volatile difference_type* \fB__gnu_parallel::QSBThreadLocal\fP< RandomAccessIterator >::\fBelements_leftover\fP"
.PP
Pointer to a counter of elements left over to sort. 
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file balanced_quicksort.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::qsb_conquer(), and __gnu_parallel::qsb_local_sort_with_helping().
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator> \fBPiece\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::QSBThreadLocal\fP< RandomAccessIterator >::\fBglobal\fP"
.PP
The complete sequence to sort. 
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file balanced_quicksort.h.
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator> \fBPiece\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::QSBThreadLocal\fP< RandomAccessIterator >::\fBinitial\fP"
.PP
Initial piece to work on. 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file balanced_quicksort.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::qsb_conquer(), and __gnu_parallel::qsb_local_sort_with_helping().
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator> \fBRestrictedBoundedConcurrentQueue\fP<\fBPiece\fP> \fB__gnu_parallel::QSBThreadLocal\fP< RandomAccessIterator >::\fBleftover_parts\fP"
.PP
Work-stealing queue. 
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file balanced_quicksort.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::qsb_local_sort_with_helping().
.SS "template<typename RandomAccessIterator> \fBthread_index_t\fP \fB__gnu_parallel::QSBThreadLocal\fP< RandomAccessIterator >::\fBnum_threads\fP"
.PP
Number of threads involved in this algorithm. 
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file balanced_quicksort.h.
.PP
Referenced by __gnu_parallel::qsb_local_sort_with_helping().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
