.TH "__gnu_parallel::LoserTree" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_parallel::LoserTree \- Stable \fBLoserTree\fP variant.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBLoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdelete_min_insert\fP (T key, bool sup)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_min_source\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBinit_winner\fP (unsigned int root)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinsert_start\fP (const T &key, int source, bool sup)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLoserTree\fP (unsigned int _k, Comparator _comp)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fB_M_log_k\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Comparator \fBcomp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBfirst_insert\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBik\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBk\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Loser * \fBlosers\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBoffset\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<bool stable, typename T, typename Comparator> class __gnu_parallel::LoserTree< stable, T, Comparator >"
Stable \fBLoserTree\fP variant. 

Provides the stable implementations of insert_start, init_winner, init and delete_min_insert.
.PP
Unstable variant is done using partial specialisation below. 
.PP
Definition at line 165 of file losertree.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<bool stable, typename T , typename Comparator > void \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTree\fP< stable, T, Comparator >::delete_min_insert (T key, bool sup)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Delete the smallest element and insert a new element from the previously smallest element's sequence. 
.PP
This implementation is stable. 
.PP
Definition at line 215 of file losertree.h.
.SS "int \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T , Comparator  >::get_min_source ()\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the index of the sequence with the smallest element. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 152 of file losertree.h.
.PP
References __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::losers, and __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::LoserTreeBase::Loser::source.
.SS "void \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T , Comparator  >::insert_start (const T  & key, int source, bool sup)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Initializes the sequence 'source' with the element 'key'. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIkey\fP the element to insert 
.br
\fIsource\fP index of the source sequence 
.br
\fIsup\fP flag that determines whether the value to insert is an explicit supremum. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 131 of file losertree.h.
.PP
References __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::first_insert, __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::LoserTreeBase::Loser::key, __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::losers, __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::LoserTreeBase::Loser::source, and __gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase< T, Comparator >::LoserTreeBase::Loser::sup.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned int \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T , Comparator  >::\fB_M_log_k\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
log_2{k} 
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file losertree.h.
.SS "Comparator  \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T , Comparator  >::\fBcomp\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Comparator to use. 
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file losertree.h.
.SS "bool \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T , Comparator  >::\fBfirst_insert\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
State flag that determines whether the LoserTree is empty. 
.PP
Only used for building the LoserTree. 
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file losertree.h.
.SS "Loser* \fB__gnu_parallel::LoserTreeBase\fP< T , Comparator  >::\fBlosers\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
LoserTree elements. 
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file losertree.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
