.TH "__gnu_pbds" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__gnu_pbds \- GNU extensions for policy-based data structures for public use.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBassociative_container_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic associative-container. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBbasic_hash_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic hash. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBbasic_tree_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic tree. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBbinary_heap_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBinary-heap (array-based). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBbinomial_heap_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBinomial-heap. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcc_hash_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICollision-chaining hash. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcontainer_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBase data structure tag. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcontainer_traits\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBcontainer_traits\fP \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBgp_hash_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGeneral-probing hash. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBlist_update_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIList-update. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBnull_mapped_type\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA mapped-policy indicating that an associative container is a set. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBov_tree_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOrdered-vector tree. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBpairing_heap_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPairing-heap. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBpat_trie_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPATRICIA trie. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBpriority_queue_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic priority-queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBrb_tree_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRed-black tree. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBrc_binomial_heap_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRedundant-counter binomial-heap. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsequence_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic sequence. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsplay_tree_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISplay tree. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBstring_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic string container, inclusive of strings, ropes, etc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBthin_heap_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThin heap. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBtree_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fItree. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBtrie_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fItrie. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void \fBtrivial_iterator_difference_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__throw_container_error\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__throw_insert_error\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__throw_join_error\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__throw_resize_error\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
GNU extensions for policy-based data structures for public use. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
