.TH "fstream" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fstream \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBstd::basic_filebuf< _CharT, _Traits >\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe actual work of input and output (for files).
.PP
This class associates both its input and output sequence with an external disk file, and maintains a joint file position for both sequences. Many of its semantics are described in terms of similar behavior in the Standard C Library's \fCFILE\fP streams. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBstd::basic_fstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIControlling input and output for files.
.PP
This class supports reading from and writing to named files, using the inherited functions from \fBstd::basic_iostream\fP. To control the associated sequence, an instance of \fBstd::basic_filebuf\fP is used, which this page refers to as \fCsb\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBstd::basic_ifstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIControlling input for files.
.PP
This class supports reading from named files, using the inherited functions from \fBstd::basic_istream\fP. To control the associated sequence, an instance of \fBstd::basic_filebuf\fP is used, which this page refers to as \fCsb\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBstd::basic_ofstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIControlling output for files.
.PP
This class supports reading from named files, using the inherited functions from \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP. To control the associated sequence, an instance of \fBstd::basic_filebuf\fP is used, which this page refers to as \fCsb\fP. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBstd\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_GLIBCXX_FSTREAM\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This is a Standard C++ Library header. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBfstream\fP.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
