.TH "istream" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
istream \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMerging istream and ostream capabilities.
.PP
This class multiply inherits from the input and output stream classes simply to provide a single interface. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBstd::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIControlling input.
.PP
This is the base class for all input streams. It provides text formatting of all builtin types, and communicates with any class derived from \fBbasic_streambuf\fP to do the actual input. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBstd::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::basic_istream::sentry\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPerforms setup work for input streams. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBstd\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_GLIBCXX_ISTREAM\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::ws\fP (basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits > &__is)"
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class _Traits > basic_istream< char, _Traits > & \fBstd::operator>>\fP (basic_istream< char, _Traits > &__in, signed char *__s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class _Traits > basic_istream< char, _Traits > & \fBstd::operator>>\fP (basic_istream< char, _Traits > &__in, unsigned char *__s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<> basic_istream< char > & \fBstd::operator>>\fP (basic_istream< char > &__in, char *__s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::operator>>\fP (basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits > &__in, _CharT *__s)"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class _Traits > basic_istream< char, _Traits > & \fBstd::operator>>\fP (basic_istream< char, _Traits > &__in, signed char &__c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class _Traits > basic_istream< char, _Traits > & \fBstd::operator>>\fP (basic_istream< char, _Traits > &__in, unsigned char &__c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::operator>>\fP (basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits > &__in, _CharT &__c)"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This is a Standard C++ Library header. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBistream\fP.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
