.TH "std::fpos" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::fpos \- Class representing stream positions.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfpos\fP (\fBstreamoff\fP __off)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator streamoff\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfpos\fP \fBoperator+\fP (\fBstreamoff\fP __off) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfpos\fP & \fBoperator+=\fP (\fBstreamoff\fP __off)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstreamoff\fP \fBoperator-\fP (const \fBfpos\fP &__other) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfpos\fP \fBoperator-\fP (\fBstreamoff\fP __off) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfpos\fP & \fBoperator-=\fP (\fBstreamoff\fP __off)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "_StateT \fBstate\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstate\fP (_StateT __st)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _StateT> class std::fpos< _StateT >"
Class representing stream positions. 

The standard places no requirements upon the template parameter StateT. In this implementation StateT must be DefaultConstructible, CopyConstructible and Assignable. The standard only requires that \fBfpos\fP should contain a member of type StateT. In this implementation it also contains an offset stored as a signed integer.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIStateT\fP Type passed to and returned from \fBstate()\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 112 of file postypes.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _StateT> \fBstd::fpos\fP< _StateT >::\fBfpos\fP (\fBstreamoff\fP __off)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Construct position from offset. 
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file postypes.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _StateT> \fBstd::fpos\fP< _StateT >::operator \fBstreamoff\fP () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Convert to streamoff. 
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file postypes.h.
.SS "template<typename _StateT> \fBfpos\fP \fBstd::fpos\fP< _StateT >::operator+ (\fBstreamoff\fP __off) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Add position and offset. 
.PP
Definition at line 178 of file postypes.h.
.SS "template<typename _StateT> \fBfpos\fP& \fBstd::fpos\fP< _StateT >::operator+= (\fBstreamoff\fP __off)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Add offset to this position. 
.PP
Definition at line 154 of file postypes.h.
.SS "template<typename _StateT> \fBstreamoff\fP \fBstd::fpos\fP< _StateT >::operator- (const \fBfpos\fP< _StateT > & __other) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Subtract position to return offset. 
.PP
Definition at line 205 of file postypes.h.
.PP
References std::fpos< _StateT >::_M_off, and std::operator-().
.SS "template<typename _StateT> \fBfpos\fP \fBstd::fpos\fP< _StateT >::operator- (\fBstreamoff\fP __off) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Subtract offset from position. 
.PP
Definition at line 192 of file postypes.h.
.PP
References std::operator-().
.SS "template<typename _StateT> \fBfpos\fP& \fBstd::fpos\fP< _StateT >::operator-= (\fBstreamoff\fP __off)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Subtract offset from this position. 
.PP
Definition at line 165 of file postypes.h.
.SS "template<typename _StateT> _StateT \fBstd::fpos\fP< _StateT >::state () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return the last \fBset\fP value of \fIst\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file postypes.h.
.SS "template<typename _StateT> void \fBstd::fpos\fP< _StateT >::state (_StateT __st)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Remember the value of \fIst\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file postypes.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
