.TH "std::basic_istream::sentry" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::basic_istream::sentry \- Performs setup work for input streams.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fB__istream_type::__ctype_type\fP \fB__ctype_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _Traits::int_type \fB__int_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbasic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > \fB__istream_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbasic_streambuf\fP< _CharT, _Traits > \fB__streambuf_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _Traits \fBtraits_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator bool\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsentry\fP (\fBbasic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > &__is, bool __noskipws=false)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> class std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::sentry"
Performs setup work for input streams. 

Objects of this class are created before all of the standard extractors are run. It is responsible for 'exception-safe prefix and suffix operations,' although only prefix actions are currently required by the standard. 
.PP
Definition at line 632 of file istream.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> typedef _Traits \fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::\fBbasic_istream::sentry::traits_type\fP"
.PP
Easy access to dependant types. 
.PP
Definition at line 636 of file istream.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::basic_istream::sentry::sentry (\fBbasic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __is, bool __noskipws = \fCfalse\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
The constructor performs all the work. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIis\fP The input stream to guard. 
.br
\fInoskipws\fP Whether to consume whitespace or not.
.RE
.PP
If the stream state is good (\fIis.good()\fP is true), then the following actions are performed, otherwise the \fBsentry\fP state is false ('not okay') and failbit is \fBset\fP in the stream state.
.PP
The sentry's preparatory actions are:
.PP
.IP "1." 4
if the stream is tied to an output stream, \fCis.tie()->\fBflush()\fP\fP is called to synchronize the output sequence
.IP "2." 4
if \fInoskipws\fP is false, and \fC\fBios_base::skipws\fP\fP is \fBset\fP in \fCis.flags()\fP, the \fBsentry\fP extracts and discards whitespace characters from the stream. The currently imbued \fBlocale\fP is used to determine whether each character is whitespace.
.PP
.PP
If the stream state is still good, then the \fBsentry\fP state becomes true ('okay'). 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file istream.tcc.
.PP
References std::__ctype_abstract_base< _CharT >::is(), std::basic_streambuf< _CharT, _Traits >::sgetc(), std::skipws(), and std::basic_streambuf< _CharT, _Traits >::snextc().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::basic_istream::sentry::operator bool () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Quick status checking. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBsentry\fP state.
.RE
.PP
For ease of use, sentries may be converted to booleans. The return value is that of the \fBsentry\fP state (true == okay). 
.PP
Definition at line 673 of file istream.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
