.TH "std::messages" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::messages \- Facet for handling message catalogs.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBstd::locale::facet\fP, and \fBstd::messages_base\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef int \fBcatalog\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _CharT \fBchar_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbasic_string\fP< _CharT > \fBstring_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclose\fP (catalog __c) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<> \fBwstring\fP \fBdo_get\fP (catalog, int, int, const \fBwstring\fP &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<> \fBstring\fP \fBdo_get\fP (catalog, int, int, const \fBstring\fP &) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring_type\fP \fBget\fP (catalog __c, int __set, int __msgid, const \fBstring_type\fP &__s) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmessages\fP (__c_locale __cloc, const char *__s, size_t __refs=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmessages\fP (size_t __refs=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "catalog \fBopen\fP (const \fBbasic_string\fP< char > &, const \fBlocale\fP &, const char *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "catalog \fBopen\fP (const \fBbasic_string\fP< char > &__s, const \fBlocale\fP &__loc) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBlocale::id\fP \fBid\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring_type\fP \fB_M_convert_from_char\fP (char *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fB_M_convert_to_char\fP (const \fBstring_type\fP &__msg) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdo_close\fP (catalog) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBdo_get\fP (catalog, int, int, const \fBstring_type\fP &__dfault) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual catalog \fBdo_open\fP (const \fBbasic_string\fP< char > &, const \fBlocale\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~messages\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_clone_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_create_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc, const char *__s, __c_locale __old=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_destroy_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_get_c_locale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fB_S_get_c_name\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "__c_locale \fB_M_c_locale_messages\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fB_M_name_messages\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBlocale::_Impl\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _CharT> class std::messages< _CharT >"
Facet for handling message catalogs. 

This facet encapsulates the code to retrieve \fBmessages\fP from message catalogs. The only thing defined by the standard for this facet is the interface. All underlying functionality is implementation-defined.
.PP
This library currently implements 3 versions of the message facet. The first version (gnu) is a wrapper around gettext, provided by libintl. The second version (ieee) is a wrapper around catgets. The final version (default) does no actual translation. These implementations are only provided for char and wchar_t instantiations.
.PP
The \fBmessages\fP template uses protected virtual functions to provide the actual results. The public accessors forward the call to the virtual functions. These virtual functions are hooks for developers to implement the behavior they require from the \fBmessages\fP facet. 
.PP
Definition at line 1670 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT> typedef _CharT \fBstd::messages\fP< _CharT >::\fBchar_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::messages_byname< _CharT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1676 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT> typedef \fBbasic_string\fP<_CharT> \fBstd::messages\fP< _CharT >::\fBstring_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::messages_byname< _CharT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1677 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT > \fBstd::messages\fP< _CharT >::\fBmessages\fP (size_t __refs = \fC0\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor performs initialization. 
.PP
This is the constructor provided by the standard.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrefs\fP Passed to the base facet class. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 43 of file messages_members.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT > \fBstd::messages\fP< _CharT >::\fBmessages\fP (__c_locale __cloc, const char * __s, size_t __refs = \fC0\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Internal constructor. Not for general use. 
.PP
This is a constructor for use by the library itself to \fBset\fP up new locales.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcloc\fP The 'C' \fBlocale\fP. 
.br
\fIs\fP The name of a \fBlocale\fP. 
.br
\fIrefs\fP Refcount to pass to the base class. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 49 of file messages_members.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT > \fBstd::messages\fP< _CharT >::~\fBmessages\fP ()\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file messages_members.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT> \fBlocale::id\fP \fBstd::messages\fP< _CharT >::\fBid\fP\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Numpunct facet id. 
.PP
Definition at line 1688 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
