.TH "std::numpunct" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::numpunct \- Numpunct facet.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBstd::locale::facet\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef __numpunct_cache< _CharT > \fB__cache_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _CharT \fBchar_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbasic_string\fP< _CharT > \fBstring_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<> void \fB_M_initialize_numpunct\fP (__c_locale __cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<> void \fB_M_initialize_numpunct\fP (__c_locale __cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchar_type\fP \fBdecimal_point\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring_type\fP \fBfalsename\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring\fP \fBgrouping\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnumpunct\fP (__c_locale __cloc, size_t __refs=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnumpunct\fP (__cache_type *__cache, size_t __refs=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnumpunct\fP (size_t __refs=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchar_type\fP \fBthousands_sep\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring_type\fP \fBtruename\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBlocale::id\fP \fBid\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_initialize_numpunct\fP (__c_locale __cloc=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBdo_decimal_point\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBdo_falsename\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring\fP \fBdo_grouping\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBdo_thousands_sep\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBdo_truename\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~numpunct\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_clone_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_create_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc, const char *__s, __c_locale __old=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_destroy_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_get_c_locale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fB_S_get_c_name\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "__cache_type * \fB_M_data\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBlocale::_Impl\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _CharT> class std::numpunct< _CharT >"
Numpunct facet. 

This facet stores several pieces of information related to printing and scanning numbers, such as the decimal point character. It takes a template parameter specifying the char type. The \fBnumpunct\fP facet is used by streams for many I/O operations involving numbers.
.PP
The \fBnumpunct\fP template uses protected virtual functions to provide the actual results. The public accessors forward the call to the virtual functions. These virtual functions are hooks for developers to implement the behavior they require from a \fBnumpunct\fP facet. 
.PP
Definition at line 1636 of file locale_facets.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT> typedef _CharT \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::\fBchar_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::numpunct_byname< _CharT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1642 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT> typedef \fBbasic_string\fP<_CharT> \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::\fBstring_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::numpunct_byname< _CharT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1643 of file locale_facets.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT> \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::\fBnumpunct\fP (size_t __refs = \fC0\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Numpunct constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrefs\fP Refcount to pass to the base class. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1660 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT> \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::\fBnumpunct\fP (__cache_type * __cache, size_t __refs = \fC0\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Internal constructor. Not for general use. 
.PP
This is a constructor for use by the library itself to \fBset\fP up the predefined \fBlocale\fP facets.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcache\fP __numpunct_cache object. 
.br
\fIrefs\fP Refcount to pass to the base class. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1673 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT> \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::\fBnumpunct\fP (__c_locale __cloc, size_t __refs = \fC0\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Internal constructor. Not for general use. 
.PP
This is a constructor for use by the library itself to \fBset\fP up new locales.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcloc\fP The 'C' \fBlocale\fP. 
.br
\fIrefs\fP Refcount to pass to the base class. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1687 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT> virtual \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::~\fBnumpunct\fP ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT> \fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::decimal_point () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return decimal point character. 
.PP
This function returns a char_type to use as a decimal point. It does so by returning returning \fBnumpunct<char_type>::do_decimal_point()\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchar_type\fP representing a decimal point. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1701 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT> virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::do_decimal_point () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return decimal point character. 
.PP
Returns a char_type to use as a decimal point. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchar_type\fP representing a decimal point. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1788 of file locale_facets.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::numpunct< _CharT >::decimal_point().
.SS "template<typename _CharT> virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::do_falsename () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return string representation of bool false. 
.PP
Returns a string_type containing the text representation for false bool variables. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string_type representing printed form of false. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1839 of file locale_facets.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::numpunct< _CharT >::falsename().
.SS "template<typename _CharT> virtual \fBstring\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::do_grouping () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return grouping specification. 
.PP
Returns a string representing groupings for the integer part of a number. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBgrouping()\fP for details.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
String representing grouping specification. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1813 of file locale_facets.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::numpunct< _CharT >::grouping().
.SS "template<typename _CharT> virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::do_thousands_sep () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return thousands separator character. 
.PP
Returns a char_type to use as a thousands separator. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchar_type\fP representing a thousands separator. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1800 of file locale_facets.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::numpunct< _CharT >::thousands_sep().
.SS "template<typename _CharT> virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::do_truename () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return string representation of bool true. 
.PP
Returns a string_type containing the text representation for true bool variables. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string_type representing printed form of true. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1826 of file locale_facets.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::numpunct< _CharT >::truename().
.SS "template<typename _CharT> \fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::falsename () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return string representation of bool false. 
.PP
This function returns a string_type containing the text representation for false bool variables. It does so by calling \fBnumpunct<char_type>::do_falsename()\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string_type representing printed form of false. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1771 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT> \fBstring\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::grouping () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return grouping specification. 
.PP
This function returns a string representing groupings for the integer part of a number. Groupings indicate where thousands separators should be inserted in the integer part of a number.
.PP
Each char in the return string is interpret as an integer rather than a character. These numbers represent the number of digits in a group. The first char in the string represents the number of digits in the least significant group. If a char is negative, it indicates an unlimited number of digits for the group. If more chars from the string are required to group a number, the last char is used repeatedly.
.PP
For example, if the \fBgrouping()\fP returns '\\003\\002' and is applied to the number 123456789, this corresponds to 12,34,56,789. Note that if the string was '32', this would put more than 50 digits into the least significant group if the character \fBset\fP is ASCII.
.PP
The string is returned by calling \fBnumpunct<char_type>::do_grouping()\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string representing grouping specification. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1745 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT> \fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::thousands_sep () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return thousands separator character. 
.PP
This function returns a char_type to use as a thousands separator. It does so by returning returning \fBnumpunct<char_type>::do_thousands_sep()\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
char_type representing a thousands separator. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1714 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT> \fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::truename () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return string representation of bool true. 
.PP
This function returns a string_type containing the text representation for true bool variables. It does so by calling \fBnumpunct<char_type>::do_truename()\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string_type representing printed form of true. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1758 of file locale_facets.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT> \fBlocale::id\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT >::\fBid\fP\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Numpunct facet id. 
.PP
Definition at line 1652 of file locale_facets.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
