.TH "std::front_insert_iterator" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::front_insert_iterator \- Turns assignment into insertion.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBiterator< output_iterator_tag, void, void, void, void >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _Container \fBcontainer_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void \fBdifference_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP \fBiterator_category\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void \fBpointer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void \fBreference\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void \fBvalue_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfront_insert_iterator\fP (_Container &__x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfront_insert_iterator\fP & \fBoperator*\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfront_insert_iterator\fP \fBoperator++\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfront_insert_iterator\fP & \fBoperator++\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfront_insert_iterator\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (typename _Container::value_type &&__value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfront_insert_iterator\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (typename _Container::const_reference __value)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "_Container * \fBcontainer\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _Container> class std::front_insert_iterator< _Container >"
Turns assignment into insertion. 

These are output iterators, constructed from a container-of-T. Assigning a T to the \fBiterator\fP prepends it to the container using push_front.
.PP
Tip: Using the front_inserter function to create these iterators can save typing. 
.PP
Definition at line 473 of file stl_iterator.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _Container > typedef _Container \fBstd::front_insert_iterator\fP< _Container >::\fBcontainer_type\fP"
.PP
A nested typedef for the type of whatever container you used. 
.PP
Definition at line 481 of file stl_iterator.h.
.SS "typedef void  \fBstd::iterator\fP< \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP , void , void , void , void  >::\fBdifference_type\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Distance between iterators is represented as this type. 
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file stl_iterator_base_types.h.
.SS "typedef \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP  \fBstd::iterator\fP< \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP , void , void , void , void  >::\fBiterator_category\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
One of the \fBtag types\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 107 of file stl_iterator_base_types.h.
.SS "typedef void  \fBstd::iterator\fP< \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP , void , void , void , void  >::\fBpointer\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
This type represents a pointer-to-value_type. 
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file stl_iterator_base_types.h.
.SS "typedef void  \fBstd::iterator\fP< \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP , void , void , void , void  >::\fBreference\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
This type represents a reference-to-value_type. 
.PP
Definition at line 115 of file stl_iterator_base_types.h.
.SS "typedef void  \fBstd::iterator\fP< \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP , void , void , void , void  >::\fBvalue_type\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
The type 'pointed to' by the iterator. 
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file stl_iterator_base_types.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _Container > \fBstd::front_insert_iterator\fP< _Container >::\fBfront_insert_iterator\fP (_Container & __x)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
The only way to create this iterator is with a container. 
.PP
Definition at line 484 of file stl_iterator.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _Container > \fBfront_insert_iterator\fP& \fBstd::front_insert_iterator\fP< _Container >::operator* ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Simply returns *this. 
.PP
Definition at line 515 of file stl_iterator.h.
.PP
References std::operator*().
.SS "template<typename _Container > \fBfront_insert_iterator\fP \fBstd::front_insert_iterator\fP< _Container >::operator++ (int)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Simply returns *this. (This iterator does not 'move'.). 
.PP
Definition at line 525 of file stl_iterator.h.
.SS "template<typename _Container > \fBfront_insert_iterator\fP& \fBstd::front_insert_iterator\fP< _Container >::operator++ ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Simply returns *this. (This iterator does not 'move'.). 
.PP
Definition at line 520 of file stl_iterator.h.
.SS "template<typename _Container > \fBfront_insert_iterator\fP& \fBstd::front_insert_iterator\fP< _Container >::operator= (typename _Container::const_reference __value)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP An instance of whatever type container_type::const_reference is; presumably a reference-to-const T for container<T>. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
This iterator, for chained operations.
.RE
.PP
This kind of iterator doesn't really have a 'position' in the container (you can think of the position as being permanently at the front, if you like). Assigning a value to the iterator will always prepend the value to the front of the container. 
.PP
Definition at line 498 of file stl_iterator.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
