.TH "std::locale::facet" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::locale::facet \- Localization functionality base class.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherited by \fBstd::__codecvt_abstract_base< _InternT, _ExternT, _StateT >\fP, \fBstd::__codecvt_abstract_base< _InternT, _ExternT, encoding_state >\fP, \fBstd::__codecvt_abstract_base< char, char, mbstate_t >\fP, \fBstd::__codecvt_abstract_base< wchar_t, char, mbstate_t >\fP, \fBstd::__ctype_abstract_base< _CharT >\fP, \fBstd::__ctype_abstract_base< wchar_t >\fP, \fBstd::collate< _CharT >\fP, \fBstd::messages< _CharT >\fP, \fBstd::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >\fP, \fBstd::numpunct< _CharT >\fP, \fBstd::__codecvt_abstract_base< _InternT, _ExternT, _StateT >\fP, \fBstd::__ctype_abstract_base< _CharT >\fP, std::__moneypunct_cache< _CharT, _Intl >, std::__numpunct_cache< _CharT >, std::__timepunct< _CharT >, std::__timepunct_cache< _CharT >, \fBstd::collate< _CharT >\fP, \fBstd::ctype< char >\fP, \fBstd::messages< _CharT >\fP, \fBstd::money_get< _CharT, _InIter >\fP, \fBstd::money_put< _CharT, _OutIter >\fP, \fBstd::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >\fP, \fBstd::num_get< _CharT, _InIter >\fP, \fBstd::num_put< _CharT, _OutIter >\fP, \fBstd::numpunct< _CharT >\fP, \fBstd::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >\fP, \fBstd::time_put< _CharT, _OutIter >\fP, \fBstd::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >\fP, and \fBstd::time_put< _CharT, _OutIter >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfacet\fP (size_t __refs=0)  throw ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~facet\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_clone_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_create_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc, const char *__s, __c_locale __old=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_destroy_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_get_c_locale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fB_S_get_c_name\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBlocale\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBlocale::_Impl\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Localization functionality base class. 

The \fBfacet\fP class is the base class for a localization feature, such as money, time, and number printing. It provides common support for facets and reference management.
.PP
Facets may not be copied or assigned. 
.PP
Definition at line 335 of file locale_classes.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::locale::locale::facet::facet (size_t __refs = \fC0\fP)  throw ()\fC [inline, explicit, protected]\fP"
.PP
Facet constructor. 
.PP
This is the constructor provided by the standard. If refs is 0, the \fBfacet\fP is destroyed when the last referencing \fBlocale\fP is destroyed. Otherwise the \fBfacet\fP will never be destroyed.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrefs\fP The initial value for reference count. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 367 of file locale_classes.h.
.SS "virtual std::locale::locale::facet::~facet ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Facet destructor. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
