.TH "std::regex_error" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::regex_error \- A regular expression \fBexception\fP class.
.PP
The regular expression library throws objects of this class on error.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBstd::runtime_error\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBregex_constants::error_type\fP \fBcode\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBregex_error\fP (\fBregex_constants::error_type\fP __ecode)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const char * \fBwhat\fP () const   throw ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBregex_constants::error_type\fP \fB_M_code\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A regular expression \fBexception\fP class.
.PP
The regular expression library throws objects of this class on error. 
.PP
Definition at line 393 of file tr1_impl/regex.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::regex_error::regex_error (\fBregex_constants::error_type\fP __ecode)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructs a \fBregex_error\fP object. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIecode\fP the regex error code. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 403 of file tr1_impl/regex.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBregex_constants::error_type\fP std::regex_error::code () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets the regex error code. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the regex error code. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 413 of file tr1_impl/regex.
.SS "virtual const char* std::runtime_error::what () const  throw ()\fC [virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Returns a C-style character string describing the general cause of the current error (the same string passed to the ctor). 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::exception\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
