.TH "std::moneypunct_byname" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::moneypunct_byname \- class \fBmoneypunct_byname\fP [22.2.6.4].  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBmoneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fB_S_minus\fP, \fB_S_zero\fP, \fB_S_end\fP }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef __moneypunct_cache< _CharT, _Intl > \fB__cache_type\fP"
.br
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring_type\fP \fBcurr_symbol\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchar_type\fP \fBdecimal_point\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfrac_digits\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring\fP \fBgrouping\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoneypunct_byname\fP (const char *__s, size_t __refs=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring_type\fP \fBnegative_sign\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring_type\fP \fBpositive_sign\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchar_type\fP \fBthousands_sep\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "pattern \fBneg_format\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "pattern \fBpos_format\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static pattern \fB_S_construct_pattern\fP (char __precedes, char __space, char __posn)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fB_S_atoms\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const pattern \fB_S_default_pattern\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBlocale::id\fP \fBid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const bool \fBintl\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_initialize_moneypunct\fP (__c_locale __cloc=NULL, const char *__name=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBdo_curr_symbol\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBdo_decimal_point\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBdo_frac_digits\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring\fP \fBdo_grouping\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual pattern \fBdo_neg_format\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBdo_negative_sign\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual pattern \fBdo_pos_format\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBdo_positive_sign\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBdo_thousands_sep\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_clone_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_create_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc, const char *__s, __c_locale __old=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_destroy_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_get_c_locale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fB_S_get_c_name\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBlocale::_Impl\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _CharT, bool _Intl> class std::moneypunct_byname< _CharT, _Intl >"
class \fBmoneypunct_byname\fP [22.2.6.4]. 
.PP
Definition at line 1306 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT , bool _Intl> typedef _CharT \fBstd::moneypunct_byname\fP< _CharT, _Intl >::\fBchar_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1309 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT , bool _Intl> typedef \fBbasic_string\fP<_CharT> \fBstd::moneypunct_byname\fP< _CharT, _Intl >::\fBstring_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1310 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::curr_symbol () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return currency symbol string. 
.PP
This function returns a string_type to use as a currency symbol. It does so by returning returning moneypunct<char_type>::do_curr_symbol().
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring_type\fP representing a currency symbol. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1044 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >::do_curr_symbol().
.SS "\fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::decimal_point () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return decimal point character. 
.PP
This function returns a char_type to use as a decimal point. It does so by returning returning moneypunct<char_type>::do_decimal_point().
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchar_type\fP representing a decimal point. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 989 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >::do_decimal_point().
.SS "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::do_curr_symbol () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return currency symbol string. 
.PP
This function returns a string_type to use as a currency symbol. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
curr_symbol() for details.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring_type\fP representing a currency symbol. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1189 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::do_decimal_point () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return decimal point character. 
.PP
Returns a char_type to use as a decimal point. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchar_type\fP representing a decimal point. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1151 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "virtual int \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::do_frac_digits () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return number of digits in fraction. 
.PP
This function returns the exact number of digits that make up the fractional part of a money amount. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
frac_digits() for details.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Number of digits in amount fraction. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1229 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "virtual \fBstring\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::do_grouping () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return grouping specification. 
.PP
Returns a string representing groupings for the integer part of a number. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
grouping() for details.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
String representing grouping specification. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1176 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "virtual pattern \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::do_neg_format () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return pattern for money values. 
.PP
This function returns a pattern describing the formatting of a negative valued money amount. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
neg_format() for details.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Pattern for money values. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1257 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::do_negative_sign () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return negative sign string. 
.PP
This function returns a string_type to use as a sign for negative amounts. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
negative_sign() for details.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring_type\fP representing a negative sign. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1215 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "virtual pattern \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::do_pos_format () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return pattern for money values. 
.PP
This function returns a pattern describing the formatting of a positive valued money amount. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
pos_format() for details.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Pattern for money values. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1243 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::do_positive_sign () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return positive sign string. 
.PP
This function returns a string_type to use as a sign for positive amounts. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
positive_sign() for details.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring_type\fP representing a positive sign. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1202 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::do_thousands_sep () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return thousands separator character. 
.PP
Returns a char_type to use as a thousands separator. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchar_type\fP representing a thousands separator. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1163 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "int \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::frac_digits () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return number of digits in fraction. 
.PP
This function returns the exact number of digits that make up the fractional part of a money amount. It does so by returning returning moneypunct<char_type>::do_frac_digits().
.PP
The fractional part of a money amount is optional. But if it is present, there must be frac_digits() digits.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Number of digits in amount fraction. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1094 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >::do_frac_digits().
.SS "\fBstring\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::grouping () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return grouping specification. 
.PP
This function returns a string representing groupings for the integer part of an amount. Groupings indicate where thousands separators should be inserted.
.PP
Each char in the return string is interpret as an integer rather than a character. These numbers represent the number of digits in a group. The first char in the string represents the number of digits in the least significant group. If a char is negative, it indicates an unlimited number of digits for the group. If more chars from the string are required to group a number, the last char is used repeatedly.
.PP
For example, if the grouping() returns '\\003\\002' and is applied to the number 123456789, this corresponds to 12,34,56,789. Note that if the string was '32', this would put more than 50 digits into the least significant group if the character set is ASCII.
.PP
The string is returned by calling moneypunct<char_type>::do_grouping().
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string representing grouping specification. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1031 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >::do_grouping().
.SS "pattern \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::neg_format () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return pattern for money values. 
.PP
This function returns a pattern describing the formatting of a positive or negative valued money amount. It does so by returning returning moneypunct<char_type>::do_pos_format() or moneypunct<char_type>::do_neg_format().
.PP
The pattern has 4 fields describing the ordering of symbol, sign, value, and none or space. There must be one of each in the pattern. The none and space enums may not appear in the first field and space may not appear in the final field.
.PP
The parts of a money string must appear in the order indicated by the fields of the pattern. The symbol field indicates that the value of curr_symbol() may be present. The sign field indicates that the value of positive_sign() or negative_sign() must be present. The value field indicates that the absolute value of the money amount is present. none indicates 0 or more whitespace characters, except at the end, where it permits no whitespace. space indicates that 1 or more whitespace characters must be present.
.PP
For example, for the US locale and pos_format() pattern {symbol,sign,value,none}, curr_symbol() == '$' positive_sign() == '+', and value 10.01, and options set to force the symbol, the corresponding string is '$+10.01'.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Pattern for money values. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1133 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >::do_neg_format().
.SS "\fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::negative_sign () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return negative sign string. 
.PP
This function returns a string_type to use as a sign for negative amounts. It does so by returning returning moneypunct<char_type>::do_negative_sign().
.PP
If the return value contains more than one character, the first character appears in the position indicated by neg_format() and the remainder appear at the end of the formatted string.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring_type\fP representing a negative sign. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1078 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >::do_negative_sign().
.SS "pattern \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::pos_format () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return pattern for money values. 
.PP
This function returns a pattern describing the formatting of a positive or negative valued money amount. It does so by returning returning moneypunct<char_type>::do_pos_format() or moneypunct<char_type>::do_neg_format().
.PP
The pattern has 4 fields describing the ordering of symbol, sign, value, and none or space. There must be one of each in the pattern. The none and space enums may not appear in the first field and space may not appear in the final field.
.PP
The parts of a money string must appear in the order indicated by the fields of the pattern. The symbol field indicates that the value of curr_symbol() may be present. The sign field indicates that the value of positive_sign() or negative_sign() must be present. The value field indicates that the absolute value of the money amount is present. none indicates 0 or more whitespace characters, except at the end, where it permits no whitespace. space indicates that 1 or more whitespace characters must be present.
.PP
For example, for the US locale and pos_format() pattern {symbol,sign,value,none}, curr_symbol() == '$' positive_sign() == '+', and value 10.01, and options set to force the symbol, the corresponding string is '$+10.01'.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Pattern for money values. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1129 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >::do_pos_format().
.SS "\fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::positive_sign () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return positive sign string. 
.PP
This function returns a string_type to use as a sign for positive amounts. It does so by returning returning moneypunct<char_type>::do_positive_sign().
.PP
If the return value contains more than one character, the first character appears in the position indicated by pos_format() and the remainder appear at the end of the formatted string.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring_type\fP representing a positive sign. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1061 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >::do_positive_sign().
.SS "\fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::thousands_sep () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return thousands separator character. 
.PP
This function returns a char_type to use as a thousands separator. It does so by returning returning moneypunct<char_type>::do_thousands_sep().
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
char_type representing a thousands separator. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1002 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >::do_thousands_sep().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBlocale::id\fP \fBstd::moneypunct\fP< _CharT , _Intl >::\fBid\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Numpunct facet id. 
.PP
Definition at line 938 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT , bool _Intl> const bool \fBstd::moneypunct_byname\fP< _CharT, _Intl >::\fBintl\fP\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
This value is provided by the standard, but no reason for its existence. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::moneypunct< _CharT, _Intl >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1312 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
