.TH "std::gamma_distribution" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::gamma_distribution \- A gamma continuous distribution for random numbers.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _RealType \fBinput_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _RealType \fBresult_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "_RealType \fBalpha\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgamma_distribution\fP (const result_type &__alpha_val=result_type(1))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class _UniformRandomNumberGenerator > result_type \fBoperator()\fP (_UniformRandomNumberGenerator &__urng)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _RealType1 , typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > &__os, const \fBgamma_distribution\fP< _RealType1 > &__x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBoperator>>\fP (\fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > &__is, \fBgamma_distribution\fP &__x)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _RealType = double> class std::gamma_distribution< _RealType >"
A gamma continuous distribution for random numbers. 

The formula for the gamma probability mass function is $ p(x) = \frac{1}{\Gamma(\alpha)} x^{\alpha - 1} e^{-x} $. 
.PP
Definition at line 2320 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _RealType = double> \fBstd::gamma_distribution\fP< _RealType >::\fBgamma_distribution\fP (const result_type & __alpha_val = \fCresult_type(1)\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructs a gamma distribution with parameters $ \alpha $. 
.PP
Definition at line 2332 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _RealType = double> _RealType \fBstd::gamma_distribution\fP< _RealType >::alpha () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets the $ \alpha $ of the distribution. 
.PP
Definition at line 2343 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "template<typename _RealType > template<class _UniformRandomNumberGenerator > \fBgamma_distribution\fP< _RealType >::result_type \fBstd::gamma_distribution\fP< _RealType >::operator() (_UniformRandomNumberGenerator & __urng)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Cheng's rejection algorithm GB for alpha >= 1 and a modification of Vaduva's rejection from Weibull algorithm due to Devroye for alpha < 1.
.PP
References: Cheng, R. C. 'The Generation of Gamma Random Variables with Non-integral Shape Parameter.' Applied Statistics, 26, 71-75, 1977.
.PP
Vaduva, I. 'Computer Generation of Gamma Gandom Variables by Rejection and Composition Procedures.' Math. Operationsforschung and Statistik, Series in Statistics, 8, 545-576, 1977.
.PP
Devroye, L. 'Non-Uniform Random Variates Generation.' Springer-Verlag, New York, 1986, Ch. IX, Sect. 3.4 (+ Errata!). 
.PP
Definition at line 1501 of file random.tcc.
.PP
References std::exp(), std::log(), and std::pow().
.SS "template<typename _RealType = double> void \fBstd::gamma_distribution\fP< _RealType >::reset ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Resets the distribution. 
.PP
Definition at line 2350 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _RealType = double> template<typename _RealType1 , typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP<_CharT, _Traits>& operator<< (\fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __os, const \fBgamma_distribution\fP< _RealType1 > & __x)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Inserts a gamma_distribution random number distribution \fC__x\fP into the output stream \fC__os\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__os\fP An output stream. 
.br
\fI__x\fP A gamma_distribution random number distribution.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The output stream with the state of \fC__x\fP inserted or in an error state. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<typename _RealType = double> template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_istream\fP<_CharT, _Traits>& operator>> (\fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __is, \fBgamma_distribution\fP< _RealType > & __x)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Extracts a gamma_distribution random number distribution \fC__x\fP from the input stream \fC__is\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__is\fP An input stream. 
.br
\fI__x\fP A gamma_distribution random number generator engine.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The input stream with \fC__x\fP extracted or in an error state. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 2382 of file tr1_impl/random.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
