.TH "std::_Fwd_list_node" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::_Fwd_list_node \- A helper node class for forward_list. This is just a linked \fBlist\fP with a data value in each node. There is a sorting utility method.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fB_Fwd_list_node_base< _Alloc >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _Alloc::template rebind< \fB_Fwd_list_node_base\fP< _Alloc > >::other::const_pointer \fB_Const_pointer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _Alloc::template rebind< \fB_Fwd_list_node\fP< _Tp, _Alloc > >::other::pointer \fB_Pointer\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename... _Args> \fB_Fwd_list_node\fP (_Args &&...__args)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_reverse_after\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _Comp > void \fB_M_sort_after\fP (_Comp __comp)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_transfer_after\fP (_Pointer __bbegin, _Pointer __bend)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_transfer_after\fP (_Pointer __bbegin)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBswap\fP (\fB_Fwd_list_node_base\fP &__x, \fB_Fwd_list_node_base\fP &__y)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "_Pointer \fB_M_next\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "_Tp \fB_M_value\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _Tp, typename _Alloc> struct std::_Fwd_list_node< _Tp, _Alloc >"
A helper node class for forward_list. This is just a linked \fBlist\fP with a data value in each node. There is a sorting utility method. 
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file forward_list.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _Tp , class _Alloc > template<typename _Comp > void \fBstd::_Fwd_list_node\fP< _Tp, _Alloc >::_M_sort_after (_Comp __comp)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sort the singly linked \fBlist\fP starting after this node. This node is assumed to be an empty head node (of type \fB_Fwd_list_node_base\fP). 
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file forward_list.tcc.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
