.TH "std::variate_generator" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::variate_generator \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef __gnu_cxx::__enable_if< \fBis_arithmetic\fP< result_type >::value, result_type >::__type \fB_IsValidType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _Dist \fBdistribution_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _Engine \fBengine_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef __detail::_Adaptor< _Engine, _Dist > \fBengine_value_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _Dist::result_type \fBresult_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const distribution_type & \fBdistribution\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "distribution_type & \fBdistribution\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const engine_value_type & \fBengine\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "engine_value_type & \fBengine\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "result_type \fBmax\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "result_type \fBmin\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _Tp > result_type \fBoperator()\fP (_Tp __value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "result_type \fBoperator()\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvariate_generator\fP (engine_type __eng, distribution_type __dist)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _Engine, typename _Dist> class std::variate_generator< _Engine, _Dist >"
Produces random numbers on a given distribution function using a non-uniform random number generation engine.
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
the engine_value_type needs to be studied more carefully. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 218 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _Engine , typename _Dist > \fBstd::variate_generator\fP< _Engine, _Dist >::\fBvariate_generator\fP (engine_type __eng, distribution_type __dist)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructs a variate generator with the uniform random number generator \fC__eng\fP for the random distribution \fC__dist\fP.
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIAny\fP exceptions which may thrown by the copy constructors of the \fC_Engine\fP or \fC_Dist\fP objects. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 242 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _Engine , typename _Dist > const distribution_type& \fBstd::variate_generator\fP< _Engine, _Dist >::distribution () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets a const reference to the underlying random distribution. 
.PP
Definition at line 287 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "template<typename _Engine , typename _Dist > distribution_type& \fBstd::variate_generator\fP< _Engine, _Dist >::distribution ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets a reference to the underlying random distribution. 
.PP
Definition at line 280 of file tr1_impl/random.
.PP
Referenced by std::variate_generator< _Engine, _Dist >::max(), and std::variate_generator< _Engine, _Dist >::min().
.SS "template<typename _Engine , typename _Dist > const engine_value_type& \fBstd::variate_generator\fP< _Engine, _Dist >::engine () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets a const reference to the underlying uniform random number generator object. 
.PP
Definition at line 273 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "template<typename _Engine , typename _Dist > engine_value_type& \fBstd::variate_generator\fP< _Engine, _Dist >::engine ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets a reference to the underlying uniform random number generator object. 
.PP
Definition at line 265 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "template<typename _Engine , typename _Dist > result_type \fBstd::variate_generator\fP< _Engine, _Dist >::max () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets the closed upper bound of the distribution interval. 
.PP
Definition at line 301 of file tr1_impl/random.
.PP
References std::variate_generator< _Engine, _Dist >::distribution().
.SS "template<typename _Engine , typename _Dist > result_type \fBstd::variate_generator\fP< _Engine, _Dist >::min () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets the closed lower bound of the distribution interval. 
.PP
Definition at line 294 of file tr1_impl/random.
.PP
References std::variate_generator< _Engine, _Dist >::distribution().
.SS "template<typename _Engine , typename _Dist > template<typename _Tp > result_type \fBstd::variate_generator\fP< _Engine, _Dist >::operator() (_Tp __value)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
WTF? 
.PP
Definition at line 257 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "template<typename _Engine , typename _Dist > result_type \fBstd::variate_generator\fP< _Engine, _Dist >::operator() ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets the next generated value on the distribution. 
.PP
Definition at line 249 of file tr1_impl/random.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
