.TH "std::uniform_int" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::uniform_int \- Uniform discrete distribution for random numbers. A discrete random distribution on the range $[min, max]$ with equal probability throughout the range.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _IntType \fBinput_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _IntType \fBresult_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBresult_type\fP \fBmax\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBresult_type\fP \fBmin\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _UniformRandomNumberGenerator > \fBresult_type\fP \fBoperator()\fP (_UniformRandomNumberGenerator &__urng, \fBresult_type\fP __n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _UniformRandomNumberGenerator > \fBresult_type\fP \fBoperator()\fP (_UniformRandomNumberGenerator &__urng)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuniform_int\fP (_IntType __min=0, _IntType __max=9)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _IntType1 , typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > &__os, const \fBuniform_int\fP< _IntType1 > &__x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _IntType1 , typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBoperator>>\fP (\fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > &__is, \fBuniform_int\fP< _IntType1 > &__x)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> class std::uniform_int< _IntType >"
Uniform discrete distribution for random numbers. A discrete random distribution on the range $[min, max]$ with equal probability throughout the range. 
.PP
Definition at line 1560 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> typedef _IntType \fBstd::uniform_int\fP< _IntType >::\fBinput_type\fP"
.PP
The type of the parameters of the distribution. 
.PP
Definition at line 1566 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> typedef _IntType \fBstd::uniform_int\fP< _IntType >::\fBresult_type\fP"
.PP
The type of the range of the distribution. 
.PP
Definition at line 1568 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> \fBstd::uniform_int\fP< _IntType >::\fBuniform_int\fP (_IntType __min = \fC0\fP, _IntType __max = \fC9\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructs a uniform distribution object. 
.PP
Definition at line 1575 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> \fBresult_type\fP \fBstd::uniform_int\fP< _IntType >::max () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets the inclusive upper bound of the distribution range. 
.PP
Definition at line 1592 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> \fBresult_type\fP \fBstd::uniform_int\fP< _IntType >::min () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets the inclusive lower bound of the distribution range. 
.PP
Definition at line 1585 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> template<typename _UniformRandomNumberGenerator > \fBresult_type\fP \fBstd::uniform_int\fP< _IntType >::operator() (_UniformRandomNumberGenerator & __urng, \fBresult_type\fP __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets a uniform random number in the range $[0, n)$.
.PP
This function is aimed at use with std::random_shuffle. 
.PP
Definition at line 1624 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> template<typename _UniformRandomNumberGenerator > \fBresult_type\fP \fBstd::uniform_int\fP< _IntType >::operator() (_UniformRandomNumberGenerator & __urng)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets a uniformly distributed random number in the range $(min, max)$. 
.PP
Definition at line 1609 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> void \fBstd::uniform_int\fP< _IntType >::reset ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Resets the distribution state.
.PP
Does nothing for the uniform integer distribution. 
.PP
Definition at line 1601 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> template<typename _IntType1 , typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP<_CharT, _Traits>& operator<< (\fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __os, const \fBuniform_int\fP< _IntType1 > & __x)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Inserts a uniform_int random number distribution \fC__x\fP into the output stream \fCos\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__os\fP An output stream. 
.br
\fI__x\fP A uniform_int random number distribution.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The output stream with the state of \fC__x\fP inserted or in an error state. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<typename _IntType = int> template<typename _IntType1 , typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_istream\fP<_CharT, _Traits>& operator>> (\fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __is, \fBuniform_int\fP< _IntType1 > & __x)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Extracts a uniform_int random number distribution \fC__x\fP from the input stream \fC__is\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__is\fP An input stream. 
.br
\fI__x\fP A uniform_int random number generator engine.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The input stream with \fC__x\fP extracted or in an error state. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
