.TH "std::numpunct_byname" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::numpunct_byname \- class \fBnumpunct_byname\fP [22.2.3.2].  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBnumpunct< _CharT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef __numpunct_cache< _CharT > \fB__cache_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _CharT \fBchar_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbasic_string\fP< _CharT > \fBstring_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchar_type\fP \fBdecimal_point\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring_type\fP \fBfalsename\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring\fP \fBgrouping\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnumpunct_byname\fP (const char *__s, size_t __refs=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchar_type\fP \fBthousands_sep\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring_type\fP \fBtruename\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBlocale::id\fP \fBid\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_initialize_numpunct\fP (__c_locale __cloc=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBdo_decimal_point\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBdo_falsename\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring\fP \fBdo_grouping\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBdo_thousands_sep\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBdo_truename\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_clone_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_create_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc, const char *__s, __c_locale __old=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_destroy_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_get_c_locale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fB_S_get_c_name\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "__cache_type * \fB_M_data\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBlocale::_Impl\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _CharT> class std::numpunct_byname< _CharT >"
class \fBnumpunct_byname\fP [22.2.3.2]. 
.PP
Definition at line 1868 of file locale_facets.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT > typedef _CharT \fBstd::numpunct_byname\fP< _CharT >::\fBchar_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::numpunct< _CharT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1871 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT > typedef \fBbasic_string\fP<_CharT> \fBstd::numpunct_byname\fP< _CharT >::\fBstring_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::numpunct< _CharT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1872 of file locale_facets.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::decimal_point () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return decimal point character. 
.PP
This function returns a char_type to use as a decimal point. It does so by returning returning numpunct<char_type>::do_decimal_point().
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchar_type\fP representing a decimal point. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1701 of file locale_facets.h.
.PP
References std::numpunct< _CharT >::do_decimal_point().
.SS "virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::do_decimal_point () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return decimal point character. 
.PP
Returns a char_type to use as a decimal point. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchar_type\fP representing a decimal point. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1788 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::do_falsename () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return string representation of bool false. 
.PP
Returns a string_type containing the text representation for false bool variables. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string_type representing printed form of false. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1839 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "virtual \fBstring\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::do_grouping () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return grouping specification. 
.PP
Returns a string representing groupings for the integer part of a number. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
grouping() for details.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
String representing grouping specification. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1813 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "virtual \fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::do_thousands_sep () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return thousands separator character. 
.PP
Returns a char_type to use as a thousands separator. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchar_type\fP representing a thousands separator. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1800 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "virtual \fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::do_truename () const\fC [inline, protected, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return string representation of bool true. 
.PP
Returns a string_type containing the text representation for true bool variables. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string_type representing printed form of true. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1826 of file locale_facets.h.
.SS "\fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::falsename () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return string representation of bool false. 
.PP
This function returns a string_type containing the text representation for false bool variables. It does so by calling numpunct<char_type>::do_falsename().
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string_type representing printed form of false. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1771 of file locale_facets.h.
.PP
References std::numpunct< _CharT >::do_falsename().
.SS "\fBstring\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::grouping () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return grouping specification. 
.PP
This function returns a string representing groupings for the integer part of a number. Groupings indicate where thousands separators should be inserted in the integer part of a number.
.PP
Each char in the return string is interpret as an integer rather than a character. These numbers represent the number of digits in a group. The first char in the string represents the number of digits in the least significant group. If a char is negative, it indicates an unlimited number of digits for the group. If more chars from the string are required to group a number, the last char is used repeatedly.
.PP
For example, if the grouping() returns '\\003\\002' and is applied to the number 123456789, this corresponds to 12,34,56,789. Note that if the string was '32', this would put more than 50 digits into the least significant group if the character set is ASCII.
.PP
The string is returned by calling numpunct<char_type>::do_grouping().
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string representing grouping specification. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1745 of file locale_facets.h.
.PP
References std::numpunct< _CharT >::do_grouping().
.SS "\fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::thousands_sep () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return thousands separator character. 
.PP
This function returns a char_type to use as a thousands separator. It does so by returning returning numpunct<char_type>::do_thousands_sep().
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
char_type representing a thousands separator. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1714 of file locale_facets.h.
.PP
References std::numpunct< _CharT >::do_thousands_sep().
.SS "\fBstring_type\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::truename () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return string representation of bool true. 
.PP
This function returns a string_type containing the text representation for true bool variables. It does so by calling numpunct<char_type>::do_truename().
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string_type representing printed form of true. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1758 of file locale_facets.h.
.PP
References std::numpunct< _CharT >::do_truename().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBlocale::id\fP \fBstd::numpunct\fP< _CharT  >::\fBid\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Numpunct facet id. 
.PP
Definition at line 1652 of file locale_facets.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
