.TH "std::basic_ostream::sentry" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::basic_ostream::sentry \- Performs setup work for output streams.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator bool\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsentry\fP (\fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > &__os)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~sentry\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> class std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::sentry"
Performs setup work for output streams. 

Objects of this class are created before all of the standard inserters are run. It is responsible for 'exception-safe prefix and suffix operations.' 
.PP
Definition at line 377 of file ostream.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::basic_ostream::sentry::sentry (\fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __os)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
The constructor performs preparatory work. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIos\fP The output stream to guard.
.RE
.PP
If the stream state is good (\fIos.good()\fP is true), then if the stream is tied to another output stream, \fCis.tie()->\fBflush()\fP\fP is called to synchronize the output sequences.
.PP
If the stream state is still good, then the \fBsentry\fP state becomes true ('okay'). 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file ostream.tcc.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::basic_ostream::sentry::~sentry ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Possibly flushes the stream. 
.PP
If \fC\fBios_base::unitbuf\fP\fP is \fBset\fP in \fCos.flags()\fP, and \fC\fBstd::uncaught_exception()\fP\fP is true, the \fBsentry\fP destructor calls \fC\fBflush()\fP\fP on the output stream. 
.PP
Definition at line 405 of file ostream.
.PP
References std::uncaught_exception(), and std::unitbuf().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::basic_ostream::sentry::operator bool () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Quick status checking. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBsentry\fP state.
.RE
.PP
For ease of use, sentries may be converted to booleans. The return value is that of the \fBsentry\fP state (true == okay). 
.PP
Definition at line 423 of file ostream.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
