.TH "std::basic_ostream" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::basic_ostream \- Controlling output.
.PP
This is the base class for all output streams. It provides text formatting of all builtin types, and communicates with any class derived from \fBbasic_streambuf\fP to do the actual output.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBbasic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBsentry\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPerforms setup work for output streams. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBctype\fP< _CharT > \fB__ctype_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbasic_ios\fP< _CharT, _Traits > \fB__ios_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBnum_put\fP< _CharT, \fBostreambuf_iterator\fP< _CharT, _Traits > > \fB__num_put_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > \fB__ostream_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbasic_streambuf\fP< _CharT, _Traits > \fB__streambuf_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _CharT \fBchar_type\fP"
.br
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBnum_get\fP< _CharT, \fBistreambuf_iterator\fP< _CharT, _Traits > > \fB__num_get_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBlocale\fP & \fB_M_getloc\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_setstate\fP (\fBiostate\fP __state)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBbad\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbasic_ostream\fP (\fB__streambuf_type\fP *__sb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP (\fBiostate\fP __state=\fBgoodbit\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbasic_ios\fP & \fBcopyfmt\fP (const \fBbasic_ios\fP &__rhs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBeof\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBexceptions\fP (\fBiostate\fP __except)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiostate\fP \fBexceptions\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBfail\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchar_type\fP \fBfill\fP (\fBchar_type\fP __ch)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchar_type\fP \fBfill\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfmtflags\fP \fBflags\fP (\fBfmtflags\fP __fmtfl)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfmtflags\fP \fBflags\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBflush\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlocale\fP \fBgetloc\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBgood\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlocale\fP \fBimbue\fP (const \fBlocale\fP &__loc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long & \fBiword\fP (int __ix)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBnarrow\fP (\fBchar_type\fP __c, char __dfault) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstreamsize\fP \fBprecision\fP (\fBstreamsize\fP __prec)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstreamsize\fP \fBprecision\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void *& \fBpword\fP (int __ix)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbasic_streambuf\fP< _CharT, _Traits > * \fBrdbuf\fP (\fBbasic_streambuf\fP< _CharT, _Traits > *__sb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbasic_streambuf\fP< _CharT, _Traits > * \fBrdbuf\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiostate\fP \fBrdstate\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBregister_callback\fP (\fBevent_callback\fP __fn, int __index)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBseekp\fP (\fBoff_type\fP, \fBios_base::seekdir\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBseekp\fP (\fBpos_type\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfmtflags\fP \fBsetf\fP (\fBfmtflags\fP __fmtfl, \fBfmtflags\fP __mask)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfmtflags\fP \fBsetf\fP (\fBfmtflags\fP __fmtfl)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetstate\fP (\fBiostate\fP __state)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpos_type\fP \fBtellp\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > * \fBtie\fP (\fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > *__tiestr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > * \fBtie\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBunsetf\fP (\fBfmtflags\fP __mask)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchar_type\fP \fBwiden\fP (char __c) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstreamsize\fP \fBwidth\fP (\fBstreamsize\fP __wide)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstreamsize\fP \fBwidth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~basic_ostream\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fBUnformatted Output Functions\fP"
.br
All the unformatted output functions have some common behavior. Each starts by constructing a temporary object of type \fBstd::basic_ostream::sentry\fP. This has several effects, concluding with the setting of a status flag; see the \fBsentry\fP documentation for more.
.PP
If the \fBsentry\fP status is good, the function tries to generate whatever data is appropriate for the type of the argument.
.PP
If an \fBexception\fP is thrown during insertion, \fBios_base::badbit\fP will be turned on in the stream's error state. If badbit is on in the stream's exceptions mask, the \fBexception\fP will be rethrown without completing its actions. 
.PP
.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_write\fP (const \fBchar_type\fP *__s, \fBstreamsize\fP __n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBput\fP (\fBchar_type\fP __c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBwrite\fP (const \fBchar_type\fP *__s, \fBstreamsize\fP __n)"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator void *\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fBArithmetic Inserters\fP"
.br
All the \fCoperator<<\fP functions (aka \fIformatted output functions\fP) have some common behavior. Each starts by constructing a temporary object of type \fBstd::basic_ostream::sentry\fP. This can have several effects, concluding with the setting of a status flag; see the \fBsentry\fP documentation for more.
.PP
If the \fBsentry\fP status is good, the function tries to generate whatever data is appropriate for the type of the argument.
.PP
If an \fBexception\fP is thrown during insertion, \fBios_base::badbit\fP will be turned on in the stream's error state without causing an \fBios_base::failure\fP to be thrown. The original \fBexception\fP will then be rethrown. 
.PP
.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fB__streambuf_type\fP *__sb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (const void *__p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (long double __f)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (float __f)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (double __f)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (unsigned long long __n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (long long __n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (unsigned int __n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (int __n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (unsigned short __n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (short __n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (bool __n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (unsigned long __n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (long __n)"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fBios_base\fP &(*__pf)(\fBios_base\fP &))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fB__ios_type\fP &(*__pf)(\fB__ios_type\fP &))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__ostream_type\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fB__ostream_type\fP &(*__pf)(\fB__ostream_type\fP &))"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBsync_with_stdio\fP (bool __sync=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBxalloc\fP ()  throw ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBadjustfield\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBopenmode\fP \fBapp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBopenmode\fP \fBate\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBiostate\fP \fBbadbit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBbasefield\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBseekdir\fP \fBbeg\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBopenmode\fP \fBbinary\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBboolalpha\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBseekdir\fP \fBcur\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBdec\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBseekdir\fP \fBend\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBiostate\fP \fBeofbit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBiostate\fP \fBfailbit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBfixed\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBfloatfield\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBiostate\fP \fBgoodbit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBhex\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBopenmode\fP \fBin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBinternal\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBleft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBoct\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBopenmode\fP \fBout\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBright\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBscientific\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBshowbase\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBshowpoint\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBshowpos\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBskipws\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBopenmode\fP \fBtrunc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBunitbuf\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBuppercase\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fB_S_local_word_size\fP }"
.br
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_cache_locale\fP (const \fBlocale\fP &__loc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_call_callbacks\fP (\fBevent\fP __ev)  throw ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_dispose_callbacks\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "_Words & \fB_M_grow_words\fP (int __index, bool __iword)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB_M_init\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _ValueT > \fB__ostream_type\fP & \fB_M_insert\fP (_ValueT __v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP (\fBbasic_streambuf\fP< _CharT, _Traits > *__sb)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "_Callback_list * \fB_M_callbacks\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fB__ctype_type\fP * \fB_M_ctype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchar_type\fP \fB_M_fill\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fB_M_fill_init\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlocale\fP \fB_M_ios_locale\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "_Words \fB_M_local_word\fP [_S_local_word_size]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fB__num_get_type\fP * \fB_M_num_get\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fB__num_put_type\fP * \fB_M_num_put\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbasic_streambuf\fP< _CharT, _Traits > * \fB_M_streambuf\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > * \fB_M_tie\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "_Words * \fB_M_word\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fB_M_word_size\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "_Words \fB_M_word_zero\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiostate\fP \fB_M_exception\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfmtflags\fP \fB_M_flags\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstreamsize\fP \fB_M_precision\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiostate\fP \fB_M_streambuf_state\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstreamsize\fP \fB_M_width\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBsentry\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> class std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >"
Controlling output.
.PP
This is the base class for all output streams. It provides text formatting of all builtin types, and communicates with any class derived from \fBbasic_streambuf\fP to do the actual output. 
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file ostream.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> typedef \fBctype\fP<_CharT> \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::\fB__ctype_type\fP"
.PP
These are non-standard types. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file ostream.
.SS "typedef \fBnum_get\fP<_CharT , \fBistreambuf_iterator\fP<_CharT , _Traits > > \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::\fB__num_get_type\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
These are non-standard types. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, and \fBstd::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> typedef \fBnum_put\fP<_CharT, \fBostreambuf_iterator\fP<_CharT, _Traits> > \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::\fB__num_put_type\fP"
.PP
These are non-standard types. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> typedef _CharT \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::\fBchar_type\fP"
.PP
These are standard types. They permit a standardized way of referring to names of (or names dependant on) the template parameters, which are specific to the implementation. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::basic_ofstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_fstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_ostringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_stringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, and \fBstd::basic_iostream< char >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file ostream.
.SS "typedef void(* \fBstd::ios_base::event_callback\fP)(\fBevent\fP, \fBios_base\fP &, int)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
The type of an event callback function. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIevent\fP One of the members of the event enum. 
.br
\fI\fBios_base\fP\fP Reference to the \fBios_base\fP object. 
.br
\fIint\fP The integer provided when the callback was registered.
.RE
.PP
Event callbacks are user defined functions that get called during several \fBios_base\fP and \fBbasic_ios\fP functions, specifically \fBimbue()\fP, copyfmt(), and ~ios(). 
.SS "typedef _Ios_Fmtflags \fBstd::ios_base::fmtflags\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
This is a bitmask type. 
.PP
\fC'_Ios_Fmtflags'\fP is implementation-defined, but it is valid to perform bitwise operations on these values and expect the Right Thing to happen. Defined objects of type fmtflags are:
.IP "\(bu" 2
boolalpha
.IP "\(bu" 2
dec
.IP "\(bu" 2
fixed
.IP "\(bu" 2
hex
.IP "\(bu" 2
internal
.IP "\(bu" 2
left
.IP "\(bu" 2
oct
.IP "\(bu" 2
right
.IP "\(bu" 2
scientific
.IP "\(bu" 2
showbase
.IP "\(bu" 2
showpoint
.IP "\(bu" 2
showpos
.IP "\(bu" 2
skipws
.IP "\(bu" 2
unitbuf
.IP "\(bu" 2
uppercase
.IP "\(bu" 2
adjustfield
.IP "\(bu" 2
basefield
.IP "\(bu" 2
floatfield 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 263 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> typedef _Traits::int_type \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::\fBint_type\fP"
.PP
These are standard types. They permit a standardized way of referring to names of (or names dependant on) the template parameters, which are specific to the implementation. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::basic_ofstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_fstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_ostringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_stringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, and \fBstd::basic_iostream< char >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file ostream.
.SS "typedef _Ios_Iostate \fBstd::ios_base::iostate\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
This is a bitmask type. 
.PP
\fC'_Ios_Iostate'\fP is implementation-defined, but it is valid to perform bitwise operations on these values and expect the Right Thing to happen. Defined objects of type iostate are:
.IP "\(bu" 2
badbit
.IP "\(bu" 2
eofbit
.IP "\(bu" 2
failbit
.IP "\(bu" 2
goodbit 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 338 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> typedef _Traits::off_type \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::\fBoff_type\fP"
.PP
These are standard types. They permit a standardized way of referring to names of (or names dependant on) the template parameters, which are specific to the implementation. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::basic_ofstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_fstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_ostringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_stringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, and \fBstd::basic_iostream< char >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file ostream.
.SS "typedef _Ios_Openmode \fBstd::ios_base::openmode\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
This is a bitmask type. 
.PP
\fC'_Ios_Openmode'\fP is implementation-defined, but it is valid to perform bitwise operations on these values and expect the Right Thing to happen. Defined objects of type openmode are:
.IP "\(bu" 2
app
.IP "\(bu" 2
ate
.IP "\(bu" 2
binary
.IP "\(bu" 2
in
.IP "\(bu" 2
out
.IP "\(bu" 2
trunc 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 369 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> typedef _Traits::pos_type \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::\fBpos_type\fP"
.PP
These are standard types. They permit a standardized way of referring to names of (or names dependant on) the template parameters, which are specific to the implementation. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::basic_ofstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_fstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_ostringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_stringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, and \fBstd::basic_iostream< char >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file ostream.
.SS "typedef _Ios_Seekdir \fBstd::ios_base::seekdir\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
This is an enumerated type. 
.PP
\fC'_Ios_Seekdir'\fP is implementation-defined. Defined values of type seekdir are:
.IP "\(bu" 2
beg
.IP "\(bu" 2
cur, equivalent to \fCSEEK_CUR\fP in the C standard library.
.IP "\(bu" 2
end, equivalent to \fCSEEK_END\fP in the C standard library. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 401 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> typedef _Traits \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::\fBtraits_type\fP"
.PP
These are standard types. They permit a standardized way of referring to names of (or names dependant on) the template parameters, which are specific to the implementation. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::basic_ofstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_fstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_ostringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_stringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_iostream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, and \fBstd::basic_iostream< char >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file ostream.
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBstd::ios_base::event\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
The \fBset\fP of events that may be passed to an event callback. 
.PP
erase_event is used during ~ios() and copyfmt(). imbue_event is used during \fBimbue()\fP. copyfmt_event is used during copyfmt(). 
.PP
Definition at line 427 of file ios_base.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::\fBbasic_ostream\fP (\fB__streambuf_type\fP * __sb)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Base constructor. 
.PP
This ctor is almost never called by the user directly, rather from derived classes' initialization lists, which pass a pointer to their own stream buffer. 
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> virtual \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::~\fBbasic_ostream\fP ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Base destructor. 
.PP
This does very little apart from providing a virtual base dtor. 
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file ostream.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const \fBlocale\fP& std::ios_base::_M_getloc () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Locale access. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A reference to the current \fBlocale\fP.
.RE
.PP
Like getloc above, but returns a reference instead of generating a copy. 
.PP
Definition at line 710 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::money_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get(), std::num_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get(), std::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get_date(), std::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get_monthname(), std::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get_time(), std::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get_weekday(), std::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get_year(), std::time_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::do_put(), std::num_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::do_put(), and std::time_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::put().
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> void \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::_M_write (const \fBchar_type\fP * __s, \fBstreamsize\fP __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Simple insertion. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP The character to insert. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this
.RE
.PP
Tries to insert \fIc\fP.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
This function is not overloaded on signed char and unsigned char. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 287 of file ostream.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::write().
.SS "bool \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::bad () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Fast error checking. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if the badbit is set.
.RE
.PP
Note that other iostate flags may also be set. 
.PP
Definition at line 201 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "void \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::clear (iostate __state = \fCgoodbit\fP)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
[Re]sets the error state. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstate\fP The new state flag(s) to set.
.RE
.PP
See \fBstd::ios_base::iostate\fP for the possible bit values. Most users will not need to pass an argument. 
.SS "\fBbasic_ios\fP& \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::copyfmt (const \fBbasic_ios\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __rhs)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Copies fields of __rhs into this. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__rhs\fP The source values for the copies. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Reference to this object.
.RE
.PP
All fields of __rhs are copied into this object except that rdbuf() and rdstate() remain unchanged. All values in the pword and iword arrays are copied. Before copying, each callback is invoked with erase_event. After copying, each (new) callback is invoked with copyfmt_event. The final step is to copy exceptions(). 
.SS "bool \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::eof () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Fast error checking. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if the eofbit is set.
.RE
.PP
Note that other iostate flags may also be set. 
.PP
Definition at line 180 of file basic_ios.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::get(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::ignore(), and std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::putback().
.SS "void \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::exceptions (iostate __except)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Throwing exceptions on errors. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIexcept\fP The new exceptions mask.
.RE
.PP
By default, error flags are set silently. You can set an exceptions mask for each stream; if a bit in the mask becomes set in the error flags, then an exception of type \fBstd::ios_base::failure\fP is thrown.
.PP
If the error flag is already set when the exceptions mask is added, the exception is immediately thrown. Try running the following under GCC 3.1 or later: 
.PP
.nf
  #include <iostream>
  #include <fstream>
  #include <exception>

  int main()
  {
      std::set_terminate (__gnu_cxx::__verbose_terminate_handler);

      std::ifstream f ('/etc/motd');

      std::cerr << 'Setting badbit\n';
      f.setstate (std::ios_base::badbit);

      std::cerr << 'Setting exception mask\n';
      f.exceptions (std::ios_base::badbit);
  }

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 247 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "\fBiostate\fP \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::exceptions () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Throwing exceptions on errors. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The current exceptions mask.
.RE
.PP
This changes nothing in the stream. See the one-argument version of exceptions(iostate) for the meaning of the return value. 
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "bool \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::fail () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Fast error checking. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if either the badbit or the failbit is set.
.RE
.PP
Checking the badbit in fail() is historical practice. Note that other iostate flags may also be set. 
.PP
Definition at line 191 of file basic_ios.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator>>(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekg(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekp(), and std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::tellp().
.SS "\fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::fill (char_type __ch)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Sets a new 'empty' character. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIch\fP The new character. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The previous fill character.
.RE
.PP
The fill character is used to fill out space when P+ characters have been requested (e.g., via setw), Q characters are actually used, and Q<P. It defaults to a space (' ') in the current locale. 
.PP
Definition at line 380 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "\fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::fill () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Retrieves the 'empty' character. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The current fill character.
.RE
.PP
It defaults to a space (' ') in the current locale. 
.PP
Definition at line 360 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "\fBfmtflags\fP std::ios_base::flags (\fBfmtflags\fP __fmtfl)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Setting new format flags all at once. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfmtfl\fP The new flags to \fBset\fP. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The previous format control flags.
.RE
.PP
This function overwrites all the format flags with \fIfmtfl\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 566 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "\fBfmtflags\fP std::ios_base::flags () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Access to format flags. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The format control flags for both input and output. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 555 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::copyfmt(), std::num_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get(), std::num_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::do_put(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<<(), and std::operator<<().
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::flush ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Synchronizing the stream buffer. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this
.RE
.PP
If \fC\fBrdbuf()\fP\fP is a null pointer, changes nothing.
.PP
Otherwise, calls \fC\fBrdbuf()\fP->pubsync()\fP, and if that returns -1, sets badbit. 
.PP
Definition at line 211 of file ostream.tcc.
.PP
Referenced by std::flush().
.SS "\fBlocale\fP std::ios_base::getloc () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Locale access. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A copy of the current \fBlocale\fP.
.RE
.PP
If \fCimbue(loc)\fP has previously been called, then this function returns \fCloc\fP. Otherwise, it returns a copy of \fCstd::locale()\fP, the global C++ \fBlocale\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 699 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::copyfmt(), std::money_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::do_put(), std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::imbue(), std::operator>>(), and std::ws().
.SS "bool \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::good () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Fast error checking. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if no error flags are set.
.RE
.PP
A wrapper around rdstate. 
.PP
Definition at line 170 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "\fBlocale\fP \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::imbue (const \fBlocale\fP & __loc)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Moves to a new locale. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIloc\fP The new locale. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The previous locale.
.RE
.PP
Calls \fCios_base::imbue(loc)\fP, and if a stream buffer is associated with this stream, calls that buffer's \fCpubimbue(loc)\fP.
.PP
Additional l10n notes are at http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/manual/localization.html 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBstd::ios_base\fP.
.PP
Referenced by std::operator<<().
.SS "void \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::init (\fBbasic_streambuf\fP< _CharT , _Traits  > * __sb)\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
All setup is performed here. 
.PP
This is called from the public constructor. It is not virtual and cannot be redefined. 
.SS "long& std::ios_base::iword (int __ix)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Access to integer \fBarray\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__ix\fP Index into the \fBarray\fP. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A reference to an integer associated with the index.
.RE
.PP
The iword function provides access to an \fBarray\fP of integers that can be used for any purpose. The \fBarray\fP grows as required to hold the supplied index. All integers in the \fBarray\fP are initialized to 0.
.PP
The implementation reserves several indices. You should use xalloc to obtain an index that is safe to use. Also note that since the \fBarray\fP can grow dynamically, it is not safe to hold onto the reference. 
.PP
Definition at line 745 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "char \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::narrow (char_type __c, char __dfault) const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Squeezes characters. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP The character to narrow. 
.br
\fIdfault\fP The character to narrow. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The narrowed character.
.RE
.PP
Maps a character of \fCchar_type\fP to a character of \fCchar\fP, if possible.
.PP
Returns the result of 
.PP
.nf
    std::use_facet<ctype<char_type> >(getloc()).narrow(c,dfault)

.fi
.PP
.PP
Additional l10n notes are at http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/manual/localization.html 
.PP
Definition at line 420 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "\fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::operator void * () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
The quick-and-easy status check. 
.PP
This allows you to write constructs such as 'if (!a_stream) ...' and 'while (a_stream) ...' 
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "bool \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::operator! () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
The quick-and-easy status check. 
.PP
This allows you to write constructs such as 'if (!a_stream) ...' and 'while (a_stream) ...' 
.PP
Definition at line 115 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (\fB__streambuf_type\fP * __sb)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file ostream.tcc.
.PP
References std::ios_base::badbit, std::ios_base::failbit, std::ios_base::goodbit, std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::rdbuf(), and std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::setstate().
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (const void * __p)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 225 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (long double __f)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 221 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (float __f)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 213 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (double __f)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 209 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (unsigned long long __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 204 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (long long __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 200 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (unsigned int __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 191 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (int __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file ostream.tcc.
.PP
References std::hex(), and std::oct().
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (unsigned short __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 180 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (short __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file ostream.tcc.
.PP
References std::ios_base::basefield, std::ios_base::flags(), std::ios_base::hex, and std::ios_base::oct.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (bool __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 173 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (unsigned long __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Extracting from another streambuf. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP A pointer to a streambuf
.RE
.PP
This function behaves like one of the basic arithmetic extractors, in that it also constructs a \fBsentry\fP object and has the same error handling behavior.
.PP
If \fIsb\fP is NULL, the stream will \fBset\fP failbit in its error state.
.PP
Characters are extracted from \fIsb\fP and inserted into \fC*this\fP until one of the following occurs:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
the input stream reaches end-of-file,
.IP "\(bu" 2
insertion into the output sequence fails (in this case, the character that would have been inserted is not extracted), or
.IP "\(bu" 2
an \fBexception\fP occurs while getting a character from \fIsb\fP, which sets failbit in the error state
.PP
.PP
If the function inserts no characters, failbit is \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 169 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (long __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Basic arithmetic inserters. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIA\fP variable of builtin type. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fC*this\fP if successful
.RE
.PP
These functions use the stream's current \fBlocale\fP (specifically, the \fC\fBnum_get\fP\fP facet) to perform numeric formatting. 
.PP
Definition at line 165 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (\fBios_base\fP &(*)(\fBios_base\fP &) __pf)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Interface for manipulators. 
.PP
Manipulators such as \fC\fBstd::endl\fP\fP and \fC\fBstd::hex\fP\fP use these functions in constructs like 'std::cout << std::endl'. For more information, see the iomanip header. 
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (\fB__ios_type\fP &(*)(\fB__ios_type\fP &) __pf)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Interface for manipulators. 
.PP
Manipulators such as \fC\fBstd::endl\fP\fP and \fC\fBstd::hex\fP\fP use these functions in constructs like 'std::cout << std::endl'. For more information, see the iomanip header. 
.PP
Definition at line 117 of file ostream.
.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _Traits> \fB__ostream_type\fP& \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<< (\fB__ostream_type\fP &(*)(\fB__ostream_type\fP &) __pf)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Interface for manipulators. 
.PP
Manipulators such as \fC\fBstd::endl\fP\fP and \fC\fBstd::hex\fP\fP use these functions in constructs like 'std::cout << std::endl'. For more information, see the iomanip header. 
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file ostream.
.SS "\fBstreamsize\fP std::ios_base::precision (\fBstreamsize\fP __prec)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Changing flags. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprec\fP The new precision value. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The previous value of \fBprecision()\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 634 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "\fBstreamsize\fP std::ios_base::precision () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Flags access. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The precision to generate on certain output operations.
.RE
.PP
Be careful if you try to give a definition of 'precision' here; see DR 189. 
.PP
Definition at line 625 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::copyfmt(), and std::operator<<().
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::put (\fBchar_type\fP __c)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Simple insertion. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP The character to insert. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this
.RE
.PP
Tries to insert \fIc\fP.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
This function is not overloaded on signed char and unsigned char. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 149 of file ostream.tcc.
.PP
Referenced by std::endl(), and std::ends().
.SS "void*& std::ios_base::pword (int __ix)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Access to void pointer \fBarray\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__ix\fP Index into the \fBarray\fP. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A reference to a void* associated with the index.
.RE
.PP
The pword function provides access to an \fBarray\fP of pointers that can be used for any purpose. The \fBarray\fP grows as required to hold the supplied index. All pointers in the \fBarray\fP are initialized to 0.
.PP
The implementation reserves several indices. You should use xalloc to obtain an index that is safe to use. Also note that since the \fBarray\fP can grow dynamically, it is not safe to hold onto the reference. 
.PP
Definition at line 766 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "\fBbasic_streambuf\fP<_CharT , _Traits >* \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::rdbuf (\fBbasic_streambuf\fP< _CharT , _Traits  > * __sb)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Changing the underlying buffer. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsb\fP The new stream buffer. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The previous stream buffer.
.RE
.PP
Associates a new buffer with the current stream, and clears the error state.
.PP
Due to historical accidents which the LWG refuses to correct, the I/O library suffers from a design error: this function is hidden in derived classes by overrides of the zero-argument \fCrdbuf()\fP, which is non-virtual for hysterical raisins. As a result, you must use explicit qualifications to access this function via any derived class. For example:
.PP
.PP
.nf
  std::fstream     foo;         // or some other derived type
  std::streambuf*  p = .....;

  foo.ios::rdbuf(p);            // ios == basic_ios<char>
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "\fBbasic_streambuf\fP<_CharT , _Traits >* \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::rdbuf () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Accessing the underlying buffer. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The current stream buffer.
.RE
.PP
This does not change the state of the stream. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBstd::basic_ifstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_ofstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_fstream< _CharT, _Traits >\fP, \fBstd::basic_istringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, \fBstd::basic_ostringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP, and \fBstd::basic_stringstream< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 311 of file basic_ios.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::get(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::ignore(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<<(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator>>(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::putback(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::read(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekg(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekp(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::sync(), and std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::tellp().
.SS "\fBiostate\fP \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::rdstate () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Returns the error state of the stream buffer. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A bit pattern (well, isn't everything?)
.RE
.PP
See \fBstd::ios_base::iostate\fP for the possible bit values. Most users will call one of the interpreting wrappers, e.g., good(). 
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "void std::ios_base::register_callback (\fBevent_callback\fP __fn, int __index)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Add the callback __fn with parameter __index. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__fn\fP The function to add. 
.br
\fI__index\fP The integer to pass to the function when invoked.
.RE
.PP
Registers a function as an event callback with an integer parameter to be passed to the function when invoked. Multiple copies of the function are allowed. If there are multiple callbacks, they are invoked in the order they were registered. 
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::seekp (\fBoff_type\fP __off, \fBios_base::seekdir\fP __dir)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Changing the current write position. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoff\fP A file offset object. 
.br
\fIdir\fP The direction in which to seek. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this
.RE
.PP
If \fC\fBfail()\fP\fP is not true, calls \fC\fBrdbuf()\fP->pubseekoff(off,dir)\fP. If that function fails, sets failbit. 
.PP
Definition at line 290 of file ostream.tcc.
.PP
References std::ios_base::badbit, std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::fail(), std::ios_base::failbit, std::ios_base::goodbit, std::ios_base::out, std::basic_streambuf< _CharT, _Traits >::pubseekoff(), std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::rdbuf(), and std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::setstate().
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::seekp (\fBpos_type\fP __pos)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Changing the current write position. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP A file position object. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this
.RE
.PP
If \fC\fBfail()\fP\fP is not true, calls \fC\fBrdbuf()\fP->pubseekpos(pos)\fP. If that function fails, sets failbit. 
.PP
Definition at line 258 of file ostream.tcc.
.SS "\fBfmtflags\fP std::ios_base::setf (\fBfmtflags\fP __fmtfl, \fBfmtflags\fP __mask)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Setting new format flags. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfmtfl\fP Additional flags to \fBset\fP. 
.br
\fImask\fP The flags mask for \fIfmtfl\fP. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The previous format control flags.
.RE
.PP
This function clears \fImask\fP in the format flags, then sets \fIfmtfl\fP \fC&\fP \fImask\fP. An example mask is \fC\fBios_base::adjustfield\fP\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 599 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "\fBfmtflags\fP std::ios_base::setf (\fBfmtflags\fP __fmtfl)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Setting new format flags. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfmtfl\fP Additional flags to \fBset\fP. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The previous format control flags.
.RE
.PP
This function sets additional flags in format control. Flags that were previously \fBset\fP remain \fBset\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 582 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::boolalpha(), std::dec(), std::fixed(), std::hex(), std::internal(), std::left(), std::oct(), std::right(), std::scientific(), std::showbase(), std::showpoint(), std::showpos(), std::skipws(), std::unitbuf(), and std::uppercase().
.SS "void \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::setstate (iostate __state)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Sets additional flags in the error state. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstate\fP The additional state flag(s) to set.
.RE
.PP
See \fBstd::ios_base::iostate\fP for the possible bit values. 
.PP
Definition at line 147 of file basic_ios.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::get(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::ignore(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<<(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator>>(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::putback(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::read(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekg(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekp(), and std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::sync().
.SS "static bool std::ios_base::sync_with_stdio (bool __sync = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Interaction with the standard C I/O objects. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsync\fP Whether to synchronize or not. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if the standard streams were previously synchronized.
.RE
.PP
The synchronization referred to is \fIonly\fP that between the standard C facilities (e.g., stdout) and the standard C++ objects (e.g., cout). User-declared streams are unaffected. See http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/manual/bk01pt11ch28s02.html 
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::\fBpos_type\fP \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::tellp ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Getting the current write position. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A file position object.
.RE
.PP
If \fC\fBfail()\fP\fP is not false, returns \fCpos_type\fP(-1) to indicate failure. Otherwise returns \fC\fBrdbuf()\fP->pubseekoff(0,cur,out)\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 237 of file ostream.tcc.
.PP
References std::ios_base::badbit, std::ios_base::cur, std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::fail(), std::ios_base::out, std::basic_streambuf< _CharT, _Traits >::pubseekoff(), and std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::rdbuf().
.SS "\fBbasic_ostream\fP<_CharT , _Traits >* \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::tie (\fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT , _Traits  > * __tiestr)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Ties this stream to an output stream. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItiestr\fP The output stream. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The previously tied output stream, or NULL if the stream was not tied.
.RE
.PP
This sets up a new tie; see tie() for more. 
.PP
Definition at line 297 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "\fBbasic_ostream\fP<_CharT , _Traits >* \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::tie () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Fetches the current \fItied\fP stream. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the tied stream, or NULL if the stream is not tied.
.RE
.PP
A stream may be \fItied\fP (or synchronized) to a second output stream. When this stream performs any I/O, the tied stream is first flushed. For example, \fC\fBstd::cin\fP\fP is tied to \fC\fBstd::cout\fP\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 285 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "void std::ios_base::unsetf (\fBfmtflags\fP __mask)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Clearing format flags. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImask\fP The flags to unset.
.RE
.PP
This function clears \fImask\fP in the format flags. 
.PP
Definition at line 614 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::noboolalpha(), std::noshowbase(), std::noshowpoint(), std::noshowpos(), std::noskipws(), std::nounitbuf(), and std::nouppercase().
.SS "\fBchar_type\fP \fBstd::basic_ios\fP< _CharT , _Traits  >::widen (char __c) const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Widens characters. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP The character to widen. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The widened character.
.RE
.PP
Maps a character of \fCchar\fP to a character of \fCchar_type\fP.
.PP
Returns the result of 
.PP
.nf
    std::use_facet<ctype<char_type> >(getloc()).widen(c)

.fi
.PP
.PP
Additional l10n notes are at http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/manual/localization.html 
.PP
Definition at line 439 of file basic_ios.h.
.SS "\fBstreamsize\fP std::ios_base::width (\fBstreamsize\fP __wide)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Changing flags. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwide\fP The new width value. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The previous value of \fBwidth()\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 657 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "\fBstreamsize\fP std::ios_base::width () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Flags access. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The minimum field width to generate on output operations.
.RE
.PP
'Minimum field width' refers to the number of characters. 
.PP
Definition at line 648 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_ios< _CharT, _Traits >::copyfmt(), std::num_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::do_put(), and std::operator>>().
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits >::write (const \fBchar_type\fP * __s, \fBstreamsize\fP __n)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Character string insertion. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP The \fBarray\fP to insert. 
.br
\fIn\fP Maximum number of characters to insert. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this
.RE
.PP
Characters are copied from \fIs\fP and inserted into the stream until one of the following happens:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fIn\fP characters are inserted
.IP "\(bu" 2
inserting into the output sequence fails (in this case, badbit will be \fBset\fP in the stream's error state)
.PP
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
This function is not overloaded on signed char and unsigned char. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 183 of file ostream.tcc.
.PP
References std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::_M_write(), and std::ios_base::badbit.
.SS "static int std::ios_base::xalloc ()  throw ()\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Access to unique indices. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An integer different from all previous calls.
.RE
.PP
This function returns a unique integer every time it is called. It can be used for any purpose, but is primarily intended to be a unique index for the iword and pword functions. The expectation is that an application calls xalloc in order to obtain an index in the iword and pword arrays that can be used without fear of conflict.
.PP
The implementation maintains a static variable that is incremented and returned on each invocation. xalloc is guaranteed to return an index that is safe to use in the iword and pword arrays. 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBiostate\fP \fBstd::ios_base::_M_exception\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
\fBios_base\fP data members (doc me) 
.PP
Definition at line 467 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "\fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::_M_flags\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
\fBios_base\fP data members (doc me) 
.PP
Definition at line 466 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "\fBstreamsize\fP \fBstd::ios_base::_M_precision\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
\fBios_base\fP data members (doc me) 
.PP
Definition at line 464 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "\fBiostate\fP \fBstd::ios_base::_M_streambuf_state\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
\fBios_base\fP data members (doc me) 
.PP
Definition at line 468 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "\fBstreamsize\fP \fBstd::ios_base::_M_width\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
\fBios_base\fP data members (doc me) 
.PP
Definition at line 465 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::adjustfield\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
A mask of left|right|internal. Useful for the 2-arg form of \fCsetf\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 318 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::num_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::do_put().
.SS "const \fBopenmode\fP \fBstd::ios_base::app\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Seek to end before each write. 
.PP
Definition at line 372 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBopenmode\fP \fBstd::ios_base::ate\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Open and seek to end immediately after opening. 
.PP
Definition at line 375 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBiostate\fP \fBstd::ios_base::badbit\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Indicates a loss of integrity in an input or output sequence (such as an irrecoverable read error from a file). 
.PP
Definition at line 342 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::get(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::ignore(), std::operator<<(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<<(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::putback(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::read(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekg(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekp(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::sync(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::tellp(), and std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::write().
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::basefield\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
A mask of dec|oct|hex. Useful for the 2-arg form of \fCsetf\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 321 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::num_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get(), and std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<<().
.SS "const \fBseekdir\fP \fBstd::ios_base::beg\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Request a seek relative to the beginning of the stream. 
.PP
Definition at line 404 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_filebuf< _CharT, _Traits >::seekpos().
.SS "const \fBopenmode\fP \fBstd::ios_base::binary\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Perform input and output in binary mode (as opposed to text mode). This is probably not what you think it is; see http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/manual/bk01pt11ch27s02.html. 
.PP
Definition at line 380 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::boolalpha\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Insert/extract \fCbool\fP in alphabetic rather than numeric format. 
.PP
Definition at line 266 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::num_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get(), and std::num_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::do_put().
.SS "const \fBseekdir\fP \fBstd::ios_base::cur\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Request a seek relative to the current position within the sequence. 
.PP
Definition at line 407 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_filebuf< _CharT, _Traits >::imbue(), std::basic_stringbuf< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >::seekoff(), and std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::tellp().
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::dec\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Converts integer input or generates integer output in decimal base. 
.PP
Definition at line 269 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBseekdir\fP \fBstd::ios_base::end\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Request a seek relative to the current end of the sequence. 
.PP
Definition at line 410 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_stringbuf< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >::seekoff().
.SS "const \fBiostate\fP \fBstd::ios_base::eofbit\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Indicates that an input operation reached the end of an input sequence. 
.PP
Definition at line 345 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::num_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get(), std::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get_date(), std::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get_monthname(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::get(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::ignore(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator>>(), and std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::read().
.SS "const \fBiostate\fP \fBstd::ios_base::failbit\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Indicates that an input operation failed to read the expected characters, or that an output operation failed to generate the desired characters. 
.PP
Definition at line 350 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::num_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get(), std::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get_monthname(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::get(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<<(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator>>(), std::operator>>(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::read(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekg(), and std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekp().
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::fixed\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Generate floating-point output in fixed-point notation. 
.PP
Definition at line 272 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::floatfield\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
A mask of scientific|fixed. Useful for the 2-arg form of \fCsetf\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 324 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBiostate\fP \fBstd::ios_base::goodbit\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Indicates all is well. 
.PP
Definition at line 353 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::num_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get(), std::time_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get_monthname(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::get(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::ignore(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<<(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator>>(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::putback(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::read(), std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekg(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekp(), and std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::sync().
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::hex\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Converts integer input or generates integer output in hexadecimal base. 
.PP
Definition at line 275 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::num_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get(), std::num_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::do_put(), and std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<<().
.SS "const \fBopenmode\fP \fBstd::ios_base::in\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Open for input. Default for \fCifstream\fP and fstream. 
.PP
Definition at line 383 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_istream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekg(), std::basic_stringbuf< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >::seekoff(), std::basic_stringbuf< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >::seekpos(), std::basic_stringbuf< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >::underflow(), std::basic_filebuf< _CharT, _Traits >::underflow(), and std::basic_filebuf< _CharT, _Traits >::xsgetn().
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::internal\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Adds fill characters at a designated internal point in certain generated output, or identical to \fCright\fP if no such point is designated. 
.PP
Definition at line 280 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::left\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Adds fill characters on the right (final positions) of certain generated output. (I.e., the thing you print is flush left.). 
.PP
Definition at line 284 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::num_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::do_put().
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::oct\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Converts integer input or generates integer output in octal base. 
.PP
Definition at line 287 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::operator<<().
.SS "const \fBopenmode\fP \fBstd::ios_base::out\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Open for output. Default for \fCofstream\fP and fstream. 
.PP
Definition at line 386 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::basic_stringbuf< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >::overflow(), std::basic_filebuf< _CharT, _Traits >::overflow(), std::basic_stringbuf< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >::seekoff(), std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::seekp(), std::basic_stringbuf< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >::seekpos(), and std::basic_ostream< _CharT, _Traits >::tellp().
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::right\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Adds fill characters on the left (initial positions) of certain generated output. (I.e., the thing you print is flush right.). 
.PP
Definition at line 291 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::scientific\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Generates floating-point output in scientific notation. 
.PP
Definition at line 294 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::showbase\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Generates a prefix indicating the numeric base of generated integer output. 
.PP
Definition at line 298 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::showpoint\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Generates a decimal-point character unconditionally in generated floating-point output. 
.PP
Definition at line 302 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::showpos\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Generates a + sign in non-negative generated numeric output. 
.PP
Definition at line 305 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::skipws\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Skips leading white space before certain input operations. 
.PP
Definition at line 308 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBopenmode\fP \fBstd::ios_base::trunc\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Open for input. Default for \fCofstream\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 389 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::unitbuf\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Flushes output after each output operation. 
.PP
Definition at line 311 of file ios_base.h.
.SS "const \fBfmtflags\fP \fBstd::ios_base::uppercase\fP\fC [static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Replaces certain lowercase letters with their uppercase equivalents in generated output. 
.PP
Definition at line 315 of file ios_base.h.
.PP
Referenced by std::num_put< _CharT, _OutIter >::do_put().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
