.TH "std::locale::id" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::locale::id \- Facet ID class.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fB_M_id\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBid\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _Facet > bool \fBhas_facet\fP (const \fBlocale\fP &)  throw ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBlocale\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBlocale::_Impl\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _Facet > const _Facet & \fBuse_facet\fP (const \fBlocale\fP &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Facet ID class. 

The ID class provides facets with an index used to identify them. Every \fBfacet\fP class must define a public static member \fBlocale::id\fP, or be derived from a \fBfacet\fP that provides this member, otherwise the \fBfacet\fP cannot be used in a \fBlocale\fP. The \fBlocale::id\fP ensures that each class type gets a unique identifier. 
.PP
Definition at line 426 of file locale_classes.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::locale::locale::id::id ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 457 of file locale_classes.h.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _Facet > bool has_facet (const \fBlocale\fP &)  throw ()\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Test for the presence of a \fBfacet\fP. 
.PP
has_facet tests the \fBlocale\fP argument for the presence of the \fBfacet\fP type provided as the template parameter. Facets derived from the \fBfacet\fP parameter will also return true.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIFacet\fP The \fBfacet\fP type to test the presence of. 
.br
\fI\fBlocale\fP\fP The \fBlocale\fP to test. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if \fBlocale\fP contains a \fBfacet\fP of type Facet, else false. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<typename _Facet > const _Facet& use_facet (const \fBlocale\fP &)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Return a \fBfacet\fP. 
.PP
use_facet looks for and returns a reference to a \fBfacet\fP of type Facet where Facet is the template parameter. If has_facet(locale) is true, there is a suitable \fBfacet\fP to return. It throws \fBstd::bad_cast\fP if the \fBlocale\fP doesn't contain a \fBfacet\fP of type Facet.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIFacet\fP The \fBfacet\fP type to access. 
.br
\fI\fBlocale\fP\fP The \fBlocale\fP to use. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Reference to \fBfacet\fP of type Facet. 
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBstd::bad_cast\fP\fP if \fBlocale\fP doesn't contain a \fBfacet\fP of type Facet. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
