.TH "std::bernoulli_distribution" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::bernoulli_distribution \- A Bernoulli random number distribution.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef int \fBinput_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef bool \fBresult_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbernoulli_distribution\fP (double __p=0.5)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class _UniformRandomNumberGenerator > result_type \fBoperator()\fP (_UniformRandomNumberGenerator &__urng)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBp\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > &__os, const \fBbernoulli_distribution\fP &__x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBoperator>>\fP (\fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > &__is, \fBbernoulli_distribution\fP &__x)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A Bernoulli random number distribution. 

Generates a sequence of true and false values with likelihood $ p $ that true will come up and $ (1 - p) $ that false will appear. 
.PP
Definition at line 1688 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::bernoulli_distribution::bernoulli_distribution (double __p = \fC0.5\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructs a Bernoulli distribution with likelihood \fCp\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__p\fP [IN] The likelihood of a true result being returned. Must be in the interval $ [0, 1] $. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1702 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class _UniformRandomNumberGenerator > result_type std::bernoulli_distribution::operator() (_UniformRandomNumberGenerator & __urng)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets the next value in the Bernoullian sequence. 
.PP
Definition at line 1728 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "double std::bernoulli_distribution::p () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets the \fCp\fP parameter of the distribution. 
.PP
Definition at line 1712 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SS "void std::bernoulli_distribution::reset ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Resets the distribution state.
.PP
Does nothing for a Bernoulli distribution. 
.PP
Definition at line 1721 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP<_CharT, _Traits>& operator<< (\fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __os, const \fBbernoulli_distribution\fP & __x)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Inserts a bernoulli_distribution random number distribution \fC__x\fP into the output stream \fC__os\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__os\fP An output stream. 
.br
\fI__x\fP A bernoulli_distribution random number distribution.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The output stream with the state of \fC__x\fP inserted or in an error state. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 823 of file random.tcc.
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_istream\fP<_CharT, _Traits>& operator>> (\fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __is, \fBbernoulli_distribution\fP & __x)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Extracts a bernoulli_distribution random number distribution \fC__x\fP from the input stream \fC__is\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__is\fP An input stream. 
.br
\fI__x\fP A bernoulli_distribution random number generator engine.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The input stream with \fC__x\fP extracted or in an error state. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1761 of file tr1_impl/random.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
