.TH "std::ostream_iterator" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::ostream_iterator \- Provides output \fBiterator\fP semantics for streams.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBiterator< output_iterator_tag, void, void, void, void >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void \fBdifference_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP \fBiterator_category\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void \fBpointer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void \fBreference\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void \fBvalue_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _CharT \fBchar_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbasic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > \fBostream_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _Traits \fBtraits_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBostream_iterator\fP & \fBoperator*\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBostream_iterator\fP & \fBoperator++\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBostream_iterator\fP & \fBoperator++\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBostream_iterator\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const _Tp &__value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBostream_iterator\fP (const \fBostream_iterator\fP &__obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBostream_iterator\fP (\fBostream_type\fP &__s, const _CharT *__c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBostream_iterator\fP (\fBostream_type\fP &__s)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _Tp, typename _CharT = char, typename _Traits = char_traits<_CharT>> class std::ostream_iterator< _Tp, _CharT, _Traits >"
Provides output \fBiterator\fP semantics for streams. 

This class provides an \fBiterator\fP to write to an ostream. The type Tp is the only type written by this \fBiterator\fP and there must be an operator<<(Tp) defined.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITp\fP The type to write to the ostream. 
.br
\fICharT\fP The ostream char_type. 
.br
\fITraits\fP The ostream \fBchar_traits\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 147 of file stream_iterator.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _Tp , typename _CharT  = char, typename _Traits  = char_traits<_CharT>> typedef _CharT \fBstd::ostream_iterator\fP< _Tp, _CharT, _Traits >::\fBchar_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedef. 
.PP
Definition at line 153 of file stream_iterator.h.
.SS "typedef void  \fBstd::iterator\fP< \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP , void , void , void , void  >::\fBdifference_type\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Distance between iterators is represented as this type. 
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file stl_iterator_base_types.h.
.SS "typedef \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP  \fBstd::iterator\fP< \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP , void , void , void , void  >::\fBiterator_category\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
One of the \fBtag types\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 107 of file stl_iterator_base_types.h.
.SS "template<typename _Tp , typename _CharT  = char, typename _Traits  = char_traits<_CharT>> typedef \fBbasic_ostream\fP<_CharT, _Traits> \fBstd::ostream_iterator\fP< _Tp, _CharT, _Traits >::\fBostream_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedef. 
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file stream_iterator.h.
.SS "typedef void  \fBstd::iterator\fP< \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP , void , void , void , void  >::\fBpointer\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
This type represents a pointer-to-value_type. 
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file stl_iterator_base_types.h.
.SS "typedef void  \fBstd::iterator\fP< \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP , void , void , void , void  >::\fBreference\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
This type represents a reference-to-value_type. 
.PP
Definition at line 115 of file stl_iterator_base_types.h.
.SS "template<typename _Tp , typename _CharT  = char, typename _Traits  = char_traits<_CharT>> typedef _Traits \fBstd::ostream_iterator\fP< _Tp, _CharT, _Traits >::\fBtraits_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedef. 
.PP
Definition at line 154 of file stream_iterator.h.
.SS "typedef void  \fBstd::iterator\fP< \fBoutput_iterator_tag\fP , void , void , void , void  >::\fBvalue_type\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
The type 'pointed to' by the iterator. 
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file stl_iterator_base_types.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _Tp , typename _CharT  = char, typename _Traits  = char_traits<_CharT>> \fBstd::ostream_iterator\fP< _Tp, _CharT, _Traits >::\fBostream_iterator\fP (\fBostream_type\fP & __s)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Construct from an ostream. 
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file stream_iterator.h.
.SS "template<typename _Tp , typename _CharT  = char, typename _Traits  = char_traits<_CharT>> \fBstd::ostream_iterator\fP< _Tp, _CharT, _Traits >::\fBostream_iterator\fP (\fBostream_type\fP & __s, const _CharT * __c)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Construct from an ostream.
.PP
The delimiter string \fIc\fP is written to the stream after every Tp written to the stream. The delimiter is not copied, and thus must not be destroyed while this \fBiterator\fP is in use.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP Underlying ostream to write to. 
.br
\fIc\fP CharT delimiter string to insert. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 176 of file stream_iterator.h.
.SS "template<typename _Tp , typename _CharT  = char, typename _Traits  = char_traits<_CharT>> \fBstd::ostream_iterator\fP< _Tp, _CharT, _Traits >::\fBostream_iterator\fP (const \fBostream_iterator\fP< _Tp, _CharT, _Traits > & __obj)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Copy constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 180 of file stream_iterator.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _Tp , typename _CharT  = char, typename _Traits  = char_traits<_CharT>> \fBostream_iterator\fP& \fBstd::ostream_iterator\fP< _Tp, _CharT, _Traits >::operator= (const _Tp & __value)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Writes \fIvalue\fP to underlying ostream using operator<<. If constructed with delimiter string, writes delimiter to ostream. 
.PP
Definition at line 186 of file stream_iterator.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
