.TH "std::uniform_real" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::uniform_real \- Uniform continuous distribution for random numbers.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _RealType \fBinput_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _RealType \fBresult_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "result_type \fBmax\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "result_type \fBmin\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class _UniformRandomNumberGenerator > result_type \fBoperator()\fP (_UniformRandomNumberGenerator &__urng)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuniform_real\fP (_RealType __min=_RealType(0), _RealType __max=_RealType(1))"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _RealType1 , typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > &__os, const \fBuniform_real\fP< _RealType1 > &__x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename _RealType1 , typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & \fBoperator>>\fP (\fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > &__is, \fBuniform_real\fP< _RealType1 > &__x)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _RealType = double> class std::uniform_real< _RealType >"
Uniform continuous distribution for random numbers. 

A continuous random distribution on the range [min, max) with equal probability throughout the range. The URNG should be real-valued and deliver number in the range [0, 1). 
.PP
Definition at line 2059 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _RealType  = double> \fBstd::uniform_real\fP< _RealType >::\fBuniform_real\fP (_RealType __min = \fC_RealType(0)\fP, _RealType __max = \fC_RealType(1)\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructs a \fBuniform_real\fP object.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__min\fP [IN] The lower bound of the distribution. 
.br
\fI__max\fP [IN] The upper bound of the distribution. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 2074 of file tr1_impl/random.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _RealType  = double> template<typename _RealType1 , typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_ostream\fP<_CharT, _Traits>& operator<< (\fBstd::basic_ostream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __os, const \fBuniform_real\fP< _RealType1 > & __x)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Inserts a uniform_real random number distribution \fC__x\fP into the output stream \fC__os\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__os\fP An output stream. 
.br
\fI__x\fP A uniform_real random number distribution.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The output stream with the state of \fC__x\fP inserted or in an error state. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<typename _RealType  = double> template<typename _RealType1 , typename _CharT , typename _Traits > \fBstd::basic_istream\fP<_CharT, _Traits>& operator>> (\fBstd::basic_istream\fP< _CharT, _Traits > & __is, \fBuniform_real\fP< _RealType1 > & __x)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Extracts a uniform_real random number distribution \fC__x\fP from the input stream \fC__is\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__is\fP An input stream. 
.br
\fI__x\fP A uniform_real random number generator engine.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The input stream with \fC__x\fP extracted or in an error state. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
