.TH "std::money_get" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "libstdc++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std::money_get \- Facet for parsing monetary amounts.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBstd::locale::facet\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br

.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _CharT \fBchar_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef _InIter \fBiter_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBbasic_string\fP< _CharT > \fBstring_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiter_type\fP \fBget\fP (\fBiter_type\fP __s, \fBiter_type\fP __end, bool __intl, \fBios_base\fP &__io, \fBios_base::iostate\fP &__err, \fBstring_type\fP &__digits) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiter_type\fP \fBget\fP (\fBiter_type\fP __s, \fBiter_type\fP __end, bool __intl, \fBios_base\fP &__io, \fBios_base::iostate\fP &__err, long double &__units) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoney_get\fP (size_t __refs=0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBlocale::id\fP \fBid\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<bool _Intl> \fBiter_type\fP \fB_M_extract\fP (\fBiter_type\fP __s, \fBiter_type\fP __end, \fBios_base\fP &__io, \fBios_base::iostate\fP &__err, \fBstring\fP &__digits) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBiter_type\fP \fBdo_get\fP (\fBiter_type\fP __s, \fBiter_type\fP __end, bool __intl, \fBios_base\fP &__io, \fBios_base::iostate\fP &__err, \fBstring_type\fP &__digits) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBiter_type\fP \fBdo_get\fP (\fBiter_type\fP __s, \fBiter_type\fP __end, bool __intl, \fBios_base\fP &__io, \fBios_base::iostate\fP &__err, long double &__units) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~money_get\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_clone_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_create_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc, const char *__s, __c_locale __old=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fB_S_destroy_c_locale\fP (__c_locale &__cloc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static __c_locale \fB_S_get_c_locale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fB_S_get_c_name\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBlocale::_Impl\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename _CharT, typename _InIter> class std::money_get< _CharT, _InIter >"
Facet for parsing monetary amounts. 

This facet encapsulates the code to parse and return a monetary amount from a string.
.PP
The \fBmoney_get\fP template uses protected virtual functions to provide the actual results. The public accessors forward the call to the virtual functions. These virtual functions are hooks for developers to implement the behavior they require from the \fBmoney_get\fP facet. 
.PP
Definition at line 1351 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _InIter > typedef _CharT \fBstd::money_get\fP< _CharT, _InIter >::\fBchar_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Definition at line 1357 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _InIter > typedef _InIter \fBstd::money_get\fP< _CharT, _InIter >::\fBiter_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Definition at line 1358 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _InIter > typedef \fBbasic_string\fP<_CharT> \fBstd::money_get\fP< _CharT, _InIter >::\fBstring_type\fP"
.PP
Public typedefs. 
.PP
Definition at line 1359 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _InIter > \fBstd::money_get\fP< _CharT, _InIter >::\fBmoney_get\fP (size_t __refs = \fC0\fP)\fC [inline, explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor performs initialization. 
.PP
This is the constructor provided by the standard.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrefs\fP Passed to the base facet class. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1373 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _InIter > virtual \fBstd::money_get\fP< _CharT, _InIter >::~\fBmoney_get\fP ()\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 1440 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _InIter > _InIter \fBstd::money_get\fP< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get (\fBiter_type\fP __s, \fBiter_type\fP __end, bool __intl, \fBios_base\fP & __io, \fBios_base::iostate\fP & __err, \fBstring_type\fP & __digits) const\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Read and parse a monetary value. 
.PP
This function reads and parses characters representing a monetary value. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBget()\fP for details. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 361 of file locale_facets_nonio.tcc.
.PP
References std::ios_base::_M_getloc(), std::basic_string< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >::resize(), and std::__ctype_abstract_base< _CharT >::widen().
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _InIter > _InIter \fBstd::money_get\fP< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get (\fBiter_type\fP __s, \fBiter_type\fP __end, bool __intl, \fBios_base\fP & __io, \fBios_base::iostate\fP & __err, long double & __units) const\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Read and parse a monetary value. 
.PP
This function reads and parses characters representing a monetary value. This function is a hook for derived classes to change the value returned. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBget()\fP for details. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 348 of file locale_facets_nonio.tcc.
.PP
References std::basic_string< _CharT, _Traits, _Alloc >::c_str().
.PP
Referenced by std::money_get< _CharT, _InIter >::get().
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _InIter > \fBiter_type\fP \fBstd::money_get\fP< _CharT, _InIter >::get (\fBiter_type\fP __s, \fBiter_type\fP __end, bool __intl, \fBios_base\fP & __io, \fBios_base::iostate\fP & __err, \fBstring_type\fP & __digits) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Read and parse a monetary value. 
.PP
This function reads characters from \fIs\fP, interprets them as a monetary value according to \fBmoneypunct\fP and \fBctype\fP facets retrieved from io.getloc(), and returns the result in \fIdigits\fP. For example, the string $10.01 in a US \fBlocale\fP would store '1001' in \fIdigits\fP.
.PP
Any characters not part of a valid money amount are not consumed.
.PP
If a money value cannot be parsed from the input stream, sets err=(err|io.failbit). If the stream is consumed before finishing parsing, sets err=(err|io.failbit|io.eofbit).
.PP
This function works by returning the result of \fBdo_get()\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP Start of characters to parse. 
.br
\fIend\fP End of characters to parse. 
.br
\fIintl\fP Parameter to use_facet<moneypunct<CharT,intl> >. 
.br
\fIio\fP Source of facets and io state. 
.br
\fIerr\fP Error field to \fBset\fP if parsing fails. 
.br
\fIdigits\fP Place to store result of parsing. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Iterator referencing first character beyond valid money amount. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1433 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::money_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get().
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _InIter > \fBiter_type\fP \fBstd::money_get\fP< _CharT, _InIter >::get (\fBiter_type\fP __s, \fBiter_type\fP __end, bool __intl, \fBios_base\fP & __io, \fBios_base::iostate\fP & __err, long double & __units) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Read and parse a monetary value. 
.PP
This function reads characters from \fIs\fP, interprets them as a monetary value according to \fBmoneypunct\fP and \fBctype\fP facets retrieved from io.getloc(), and returns the result in \fIunits\fP as an integral value \fBmoneypunct::frac_digits()\fP * the actual amount. For example, the string $10.01 in a US \fBlocale\fP would store 1001 in \fIunits\fP.
.PP
Any characters not part of a valid money amount are not consumed.
.PP
If a money value cannot be parsed from the input stream, sets err=(err|io.failbit). If the stream is consumed before finishing parsing, sets err=(err|io.failbit|io.eofbit). \fIunits\fP is unchanged if parsing fails.
.PP
This function works by returning the result of \fBdo_get()\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP Start of characters to parse. 
.br
\fIend\fP End of characters to parse. 
.br
\fIintl\fP Parameter to use_facet<moneypunct<CharT,intl> >. 
.br
\fIio\fP Source of facets and io state. 
.br
\fIerr\fP Error field to \fBset\fP if parsing fails. 
.br
\fIunits\fP Place to store result of parsing. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Iterator referencing first character beyond valid money amount. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1403 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.
.PP
References std::money_get< _CharT, _InIter >::do_get().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename _CharT , typename _InIter > \fBlocale::id\fP \fBstd::money_get\fP< _CharT, _InIter >::\fBid\fP\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Numpunct facet id. 
.PP
Definition at line 1363 of file locale_facets_nonio.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libstdc++ from the source code.
